
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2763389286625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               51002169                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 94368794                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              142227327                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   107.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5474808655                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10129984466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10935232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10935232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       105280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          105280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          170863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              170863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         716249788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             716249788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6895764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6895764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6895764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        716249788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            723145552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      170864                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1645                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    170864                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1645                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10921216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   14080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  105344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10935296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               105280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    220                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267351000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                170864                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1645                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  130822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   36964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        94235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    117.005868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.917250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.590490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48389     51.35%     51.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37957     40.28%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6912      7.33%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          811      0.86%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          103      0.11%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        94235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1677.715686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1620.089025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    452.855241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            7      6.86%      6.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            6      5.88%     12.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            5      4.90%     17.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           11     10.78%     28.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535           12     11.76%     40.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663           10      9.80%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791           15     14.71%     64.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919           12     11.76%     76.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            5      4.90%     81.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            5      4.90%     86.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            7      6.86%     93.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.98%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            2      1.96%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.98%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.98%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            2      1.96%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.137255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.129855                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.508136                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               95     93.14%     93.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      6.86%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4327142750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7526717750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  853220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25357.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44107.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       715.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         6.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    716.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    76659                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1392                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 44.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      88501.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    45.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                323170680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                171757905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               584730300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1263240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1453881900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24817440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5314096890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       138492480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9216905235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            603.700628                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12014375250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9834000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    360840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2733251500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11653818625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349695780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185863920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               633667860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7328880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1566207240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24745440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5251495500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        96691680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9321005340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.519110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11768762000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9607500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    251969750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2979114625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11516792250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2807366                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2807366                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           163420                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2349319                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 142907                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21284                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2349319                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1094718                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1254601                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        73908                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1416253                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     215859                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       218111                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         3555                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2101350                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        11218                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2182335                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       9079869                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2807366                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1237625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28012420                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 333980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      4472                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        90190                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2090132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                29939                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30458994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.602185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.939290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27148879     89.13%     89.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   87265      0.29%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  870598      2.86%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   98094      0.32%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  231101      0.76%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  167563      0.55%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  155225      0.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   76509      0.25%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1623760      5.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30458994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.091940                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.297362                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1290219                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26644389                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1903774                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               453622                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                166990                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              15508552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                166990                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1471394                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25101342                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         34538                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2078110                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1606620                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              14749773                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               116030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1198820                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                303910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  4581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           17458324                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             39684161                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        20332958                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           140166                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              6047407                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                11410916                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               620                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           792                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2549855                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2327762                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             315273                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            15062                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15352                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  13611900                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              18279                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10126324                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            19915                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        8608198                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     15908462                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         18279                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30458994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.332458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.109343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26902592     88.32%     88.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1159984      3.81%     92.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             689222      2.26%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             494077      1.62%     96.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             563827      1.85%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             275259      0.90%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             209654      0.69%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              98894      0.32%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              65485      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30458994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  43369     75.26%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4421      7.67%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     82.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  8298     14.40%     97.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  984      1.71%     99.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              532      0.92%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              24      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            57135      0.56%      0.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              8224926     81.22%     81.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5269      0.05%     81.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                43990      0.43%     82.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              54462      0.54%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1496460     14.78%     97.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             232511      2.30%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          11514      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            57      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10126324                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.331633                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      57628                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005691                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          50651485                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         22126914                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9547680                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             137700                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            111472                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        60565                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10055806                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  71011                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           18668                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1523572                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          649                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185676                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          172                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1601                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                166990                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               21960084                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               326282                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           13630179                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            10722                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2327762                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              315273                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              6515                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 31602                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               101705                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         76408                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118775                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              195183                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9844335                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1415110                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           281989                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1630920                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1105874                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    215810                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.322398                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       9669058                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      9608245                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7179465                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11591863                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.314667                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.619354                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8609560                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           166983                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29191856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.172034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.834205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27318041     93.58%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       767316      2.63%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       224554      0.77%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       492475      1.69%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       121273      0.42%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        76085      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        28615      0.10%     99.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        17051      0.06%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       146446      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29191856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2514213                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               5021981                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        933787                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       804190                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    783083                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     51850                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4969533                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               22850                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        15666      0.31%      0.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3989312     79.44%     79.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            914      0.02%     79.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           37986      0.76%     80.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         44316      0.88%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         796656     15.86%     97.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        129597      2.58%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         7534      0.15%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          5021981                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               146446                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42676951                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   28537372                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          75694                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2514213                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5021981                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             12.144829                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       12.144829                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.082340                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.082340                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                10998368                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8329981                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   105997                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   53008                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5615040                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2730294                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4760205                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           322921                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             980452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           322921                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.036198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6373981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6373981                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       796916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         796916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       128076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        128076                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       924992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          924992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       924992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         924992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       586252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       586252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1521                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1521                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       587773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        587773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       587773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       587773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34577213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34577213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133577500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133577500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34710790500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34710790500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34710790500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34710790500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1383168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1383168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       129597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       129597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1512765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1512765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1512765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1512765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.423847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.423847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.388542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.388542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.388542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.388542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58980.119471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58980.119471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87822.156476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87822.156476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59054.754982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59054.754982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59054.754982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59054.754982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        36835                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1295                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.444015                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       264826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       264826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       264851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       264851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       264851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       264851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       321426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       321426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       322922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       322922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       322922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       322922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18334439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18334439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    129649000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129649000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18464088000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18464088000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18464088000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18464088000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.232384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.213465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.213465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57040.933216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57040.933216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86663.770053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86663.770053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57178.166864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57178.166864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57178.166864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57178.166864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8360528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         8360528                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2090132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2090132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2090132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2090132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2090132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2090132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2090132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2090132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2090132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2090132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2090132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2090132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    170928                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      481756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    170928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.818473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       10.302328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.052368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16373.645304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          871                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5961                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5337376                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5337376                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3958                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3958                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               266                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   266                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        151792                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            151792                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               152058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   152058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              152058                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  152058                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1230                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1230                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       169634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          169634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             170864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 170864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            170864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                170864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    124499500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     124499500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16207908000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16207908000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16332407500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16332407500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16332407500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16332407500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3958                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3958                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1496                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1496                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       321426                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        321426                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           322922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               322922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          322922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              322922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.822193                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.822193                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.527754                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.527754                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.529118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.529118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.529118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.529118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101219.105691                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101219.105691                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95546.340946                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95546.340946                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95587.177521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95587.177521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95587.177521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95587.177521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1645                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1645                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           65                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            65                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1230                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1230                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       169634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       169634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        170864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            170864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       170864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           170864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    112199500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112199500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14511578000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14511578000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14623777500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14623777500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14623777500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14623777500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.822193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.822193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.527754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.527754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.529118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.529118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.529118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.529118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91219.105691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91219.105691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85546.399896                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85546.399896                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85587.236047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85587.236047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85587.236047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85587.236047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        341723                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       170864                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             169633                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           169214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        169634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       512586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       512586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 512586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11040512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11040512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11040512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            170864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  170864    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              170864                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           403805500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          928041000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       645843                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       322921                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          132                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            134                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          119                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            321425                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          488246                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1496                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       321426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       968764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                968764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20920256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20920256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          170928                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    105280                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           493850                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000569                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 493584     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    251      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     15      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             493850                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          326879500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         484381500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
