
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               503822356125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                4124786                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  7793888                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               55852524                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   273.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1127514301                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2130467165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         257216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             257280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       222848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          222848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16847462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16851654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14596383                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14596383                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14596383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16847462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31448037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4020                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3482                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4020                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3482                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 257280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  222784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  257280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               222848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267289000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4020                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3482                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    102.665526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.236924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   140.629644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4101     87.70%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          236      5.05%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          100      2.14%     94.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           80      1.71%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           36      0.77%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      0.77%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           38      0.81%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.47%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           27      0.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.605128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.339150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.742067                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15             1      0.51%      0.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             8      4.10%      4.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            59     30.26%     34.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            95     48.72%     83.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            15      7.69%     91.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             2      1.03%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             5      2.56%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             1      0.51%     95.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             1      0.51%     95.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             3      1.54%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             2      1.03%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             2      1.03%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.851282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.843199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.521137                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               14      7.18%      7.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.51%      7.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              180     92.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    323067500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               398442500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     80365.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                99115.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       48                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2777                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2035095.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 13451760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7149780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                11545380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                8054460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1059639360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            404470290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             44138880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2485796790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2018436000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        984188640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7038033420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            460.986100                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14260592500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     74632750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     449806000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3555155000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5256288750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     480153250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5451308375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 19934880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 10595640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                17157420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               10116360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1229894640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            491372490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             46558560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3411011670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1971927840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        482916420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7692627360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            503.861529                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14064046000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     73219500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     521814000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1450467500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5135092875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     606255750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7480494500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13220979                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13220979                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1049069                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11052247                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 975092                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            212377                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11052247                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3740531                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7311716                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       741450                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10053282                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7609844                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       119465                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        37095                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9014990                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14771                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9728370                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59671981                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13220979                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4715623                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19676733                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2114850                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        63391                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  9000219                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               251668                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.736422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.573560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12321702     40.35%     40.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  857179      2.81%     43.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1267977      4.15%     47.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1418304      4.64%     51.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1124224      3.68%     55.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1132176      3.71%     59.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1049394      3.44%     62.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  920141      3.01%     65.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10443260     34.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432982                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.954236                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8670211                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4163246                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15711267                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               932208                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1057425                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108678833                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1057425                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9417888                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3134261                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         20066                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15832685                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1072032                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103780614                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 71027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    59                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                939061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110416029                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261163827                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155905286                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3179210                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70123161                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                40292857                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1288                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1649                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   989827                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11881919                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8945514                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           500519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          194247                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93829676                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              53327                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 84085260                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           436315                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28233336                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40949351                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         53303                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.753792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.514001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9500993     31.12%     31.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2874181      9.41%     40.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3186045     10.43%     50.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3166916     10.37%     61.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3203061     10.49%     71.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2801387      9.17%     81.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3122845     10.23%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1649440      5.40%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1029489      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 797557     73.17%     73.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14779      1.36%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                103787      9.52%     84.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                88149      8.09%     92.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              667      0.06%     92.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           85140      7.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           513310      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63710306     75.77%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               76858      0.09%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                86849      0.10%     76.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1187669      1.41%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10176054     12.10%     90.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7664700      9.12%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         399997      0.48%     99.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        269517      0.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              84085260                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.753762                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1090079                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.012964                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         196262573                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119052216                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78726039                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3968698                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3065245                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1806711                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82659681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2002348                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1300504                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4017870                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12508                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2959                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2499048                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           62                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1057425                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3189165                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3038                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93883003                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            17058                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11881919                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8945514                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             19173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   178                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2564                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2959                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        305561                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1078038                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1383599                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81631185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10046245                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2454075                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17648972                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8858533                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7602727                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.673392                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      81099977                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80532750                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56251442                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88179266                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.637418                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637921                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28233530                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1056700                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26293562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.496796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.742878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9141822     34.77%     34.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3837248     14.59%     49.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2693918     10.25%     59.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3645753     13.87%     73.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1150671      4.38%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1183268      4.50%     82.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       839095      3.19%     85.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       480581      1.83%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3321206     12.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26293562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34659451                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65649652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14310507                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7864045                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7631248                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1339689                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64643308                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              475754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       266806      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49926568     76.05%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55810      0.09%     76.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77973      0.12%     76.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1011988      1.54%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7580923     11.55%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6446462      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       283122      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65649652                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3321206                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116855538                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  192093082                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             46                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            331                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34659451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65649652                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.880992                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.880992                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.135084                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.135084                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               118176035                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63045792                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2550308                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1264204                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41239716                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21546788                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35829259                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5793                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           29324902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          5062.127050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60339569                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60339569                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8628251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8628251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6446281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6446281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15074532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15074532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15074532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15074532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3431                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3431                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    240952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    240952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    509088000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    509088000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    750040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    750040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    750040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    750040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8633732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8633732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6449712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6449712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15083444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15083444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15083444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15083444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43961.320927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43961.320927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 148378.898280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148378.898280                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84160.682226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84160.682226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84160.682226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84160.682226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    129685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    502145500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    502145500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    631830500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    631830500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    631830500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    631830500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54329.702556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54329.702556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 147429.682913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147429.682913                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109067.926808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109067.926808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109067.926808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109067.926808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2945                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             527448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           179.099491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          996                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         36003821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        36003821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8997156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8997156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8997156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8997156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8997156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8997156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         3063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         3063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          3063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         3063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         3063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39104500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     39104500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39104500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     39104500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39104500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     39104500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      9000219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9000219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      9000219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      9000219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      9000219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      9000219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12766.731962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12766.731962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12766.731962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12766.731962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12766.731962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12766.731962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2945                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12027.504244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12027.504244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12027.504244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12027.504244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12027.504244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12027.504244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4023                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.297788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       45.524443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        21.870671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16316.604886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13748                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    143791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   143791                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2945                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2945                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           2944                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               2944                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1759                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1759                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 2944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                2944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4718                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3391                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3391                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4019                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4020                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    496876000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     496876000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    107513000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    107513000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    604389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        604479000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    604389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       604479000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2945                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2945                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3406                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3406                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         2945                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2945                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2387                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2387                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             2945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 8738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            2945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                8738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995596                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.995596                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000340                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.263092                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.263092                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.000340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.693768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.460060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.000340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.693768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.460060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 146527.867886                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146527.867886                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 171199.044586                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171199.044586                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150382.931077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150367.910448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150382.931077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150367.910448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3482                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3482                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3391                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3391                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          628                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          628                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    462966000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    462966000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    101233000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101233000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    564199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    564279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    564199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    564279000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.263092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.693768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.460060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.693768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.460060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 136527.867886                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136527.867886                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 161199.044586                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161199.044586                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140382.931077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140367.910448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140382.931077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140367.910448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8040                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4021                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       480128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       480128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  480128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4020                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4020    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4020                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22969000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22121500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        17476                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8738                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              5332                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7922                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2945                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1894                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3406                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2945                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2387                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         8835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 26214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       376960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       654912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1031872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4023                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    222848                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            12761                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.041493                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  12742     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     18      0.14%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              12761                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           16123000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           4417500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8690498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
