
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10656606199250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               63488951                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                118695705                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              155266948                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    98.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6242843782                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11671304744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9936256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9962176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9859392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9859392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154053                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154053                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1697741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         650817583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             652515324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1697741                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1697741                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       645783046                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            645783046                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       645783046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1697741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        650817583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1298298371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155659                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154053                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155659                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154053                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9962176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9859840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9962176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9859392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267311000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155659                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154053                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    712.984677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   548.876131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   363.726660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2242      8.06%      8.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2584      9.29%     17.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2037      7.33%     24.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1663      5.98%     30.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1548      5.57%     36.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1605      5.77%     42.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1358      4.88%     46.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1509      5.43%     52.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13256     47.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9622                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.178030                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.112749                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.898802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             47      0.49%      0.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           112      1.16%      1.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9265     96.29%     98.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           136      1.41%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            31      0.32%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             3      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9622                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.202568                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9588     99.65%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.08%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               14      0.15%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.04%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2894780500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5813386750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  778295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18596.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37346.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       652.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       645.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    652.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    645.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142098                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  139819                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49295.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                100338420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 53331135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561925140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405160740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         758465760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1513855590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64031520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2105728200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       331568640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1560465420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7454896935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            488.290358                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11775688125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42682250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     321500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6299385875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    863469250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3122483500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4617823250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98167860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52177455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               549480120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              399032460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1505967360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67141440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2068413150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       322946880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1587149280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7399293645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.648383                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11789392125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     52512750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317286000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6412519750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    841026750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3108127750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4535871125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1343587                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1343587                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7792                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1334181                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4229                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               867                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1334181                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1291185                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           42996                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5381                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     513452                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1326673                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          796                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2612                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64649                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          433                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             88934                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6092111                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1343587                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1295414                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30400084                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2016                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    64322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2328                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.404282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.681882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28619603     93.84%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   58289      0.19%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   62339      0.20%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  335106      1.10%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   38830      0.13%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11982      0.04%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12115      0.04%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   36336      0.12%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1324984      4.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.044002                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.199514                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  431122                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28511894                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   735289                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               813018                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8261                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12254552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8261                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  718550                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 301237                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15470                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1259437                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28196629                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12215231                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 26053                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27883158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15707128                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25734492                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14103664                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           448612                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15382809                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  324319                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           161                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4883216                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              525766                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1335802                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30828                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           27978                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12142619                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                909                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 12067588                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2147                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         206393                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       301920                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           761                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.395664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.302092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27280632     89.45%     89.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             507655      1.66%     91.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             558698      1.83%     92.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             362673      1.19%     94.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             313061      1.03%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1048346      3.44%     98.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             174904      0.57%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             217800      0.71%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35815      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 107880     94.42%     94.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  536      0.47%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1207      1.06%     95.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  245      0.21%     96.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4188      3.67%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             205      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5774      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10093515     83.64%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  94      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  333      0.00%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             123032      1.02%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              447436      3.71%     88.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1274437     10.56%     98.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69202      0.57%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53765      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              12067588                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.395209                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     114261                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009468                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54201208                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12049478                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11770082                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             549960                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            300697                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       269907                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11898670                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 277405                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2407                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28381                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          270                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14938                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          633                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8261                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  75180                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               183677                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12143528                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               525766                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1335802                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               400                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   514                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               182927                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           270                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2223                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7624                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9847                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             12049130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               513211                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18458                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1839835                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1311875                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1326624                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.394605                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      12043823                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     12039989                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8829736                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12195253                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.394305                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.724031                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         206721                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             8070                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30466857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.391807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27378130     89.86%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       389813      1.28%     91.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       325954      1.07%     92.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1140319      3.74%     95.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65921      0.22%     96.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       624828      2.05%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       107821      0.35%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        32861      0.11%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       401210      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30466857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5870161                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11937135                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1818249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       497385                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1303984                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    265045                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11793321                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1233                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3228      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9994916     83.73%     83.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        120392      1.01%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         431224      3.61%     88.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1267674     10.62%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66161      0.55%     99.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53190      0.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11937135                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               401210                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42209503                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24321005                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            345                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          35104                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5870161                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11937135                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.201678                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.201678                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.192246                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.192246                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13837024                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9184245                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   420084                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  215088                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6543049                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6103726                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4472731                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1672108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.765013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7478312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7478312                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       504828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         504828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1167279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1167279                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1672107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1672107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1672107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1672107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       153625                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153625                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    461881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    461881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13879337498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13879337498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14341218498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14341218498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14341218498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14341218498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       509842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       509842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1320904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1320904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1830746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1830746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1830746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1830746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.116303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92118.268847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92118.268847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90345.565487                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90345.565487                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90401.594173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90401.594173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90401.594173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90401.594173                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17894                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          311                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              190                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    94.178947                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   103.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154047                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3311                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3311                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    182173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    182173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13725021999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13725021999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13907194999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13907194999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13907194999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13907194999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116296                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106409.462617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106409.462617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89346.305066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89346.305066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89534.372418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89534.372418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89534.372418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89534.372418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.773139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              18199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.297730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.773139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          808                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           258039                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          258039                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        63410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          63410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        63410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           63410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        63410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          63410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57766500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57766500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57766500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57766500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57766500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57766500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        64322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        64322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        64322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        64322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        64322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63340.460526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63340.460526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63340.460526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63340.460526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63340.460526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63340.460526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           11                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47830500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47830500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47830500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47830500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47830500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47830500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63689.081225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63689.081225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63689.081225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63689.081225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63689.081225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63689.081225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156309                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      155796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       63.405832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        39.187310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16281.406857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9067                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2653373                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2653373                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154047                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154047                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          748                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              748                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            346                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                346                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            49                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                49                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   75                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 346                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  75                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     421                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153590                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153590                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          405                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              405                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1663                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1663                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               405                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13494295500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13494295500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43054500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     43054500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    179008000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    179008000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43054500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13673303500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13716358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43054500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13673303500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13716358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154047                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154047                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          748                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          748                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        153616                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            153616                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          751                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            751                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1712                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1712                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.539281                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.539281                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971379                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.971379                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.539281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.539281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87859.206329                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87859.206329                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106307.407407                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106307.407407                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107641.611545                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107641.611545                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106307.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88071.106516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88118.554780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106307.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88071.106516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88118.554780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154053                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154053                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153590                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153590                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          405                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1663                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1663                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11958395500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11958395500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39004500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39004500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162378000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162378000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39004500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12120773500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12159778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39004500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12120773500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12159778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.539281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.539281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.971379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.539281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.539281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77859.206329                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77859.206329                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96307.407407                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96307.407407                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97641.611545                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97641.611545                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96307.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78071.106516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78118.554780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96307.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78071.106516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78118.554780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311327                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155680                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153591                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       466985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       466985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 466985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19821504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19821504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19821504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155659    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           928239500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          818612750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312156                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156078                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          127                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            746                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          746                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       308100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           153616                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153616                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           751                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       465984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                468235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        96000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19800000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19896000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156309                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9859392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052790                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 311515     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    873      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          310874000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1126500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         232992000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
