
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4106915569625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              126051087                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                233692203                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              342651430                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5616391486                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10412501743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12361984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12362112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        38464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           38464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         809701013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             809709397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2519364                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2519364                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2519364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        809701013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            812228761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193156                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        601                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193156                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      601                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12356032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   38912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12361984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                38464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     93                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267329000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193156                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  601                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.871987                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.983627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.705407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43317     44.34%     44.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43736     44.77%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9179      9.39%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1309      1.34%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          122      0.12%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5150.736842                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5032.414522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1124.398859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      2.63%      2.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5     13.16%     15.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4     10.53%     26.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      2.63%     28.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            5     13.16%     42.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      7.89%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4     10.53%     60.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.63%     63.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            3      7.89%     71.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.63%     73.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            5     13.16%     86.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            2      5.26%     92.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            2      5.26%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      2.63%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               38    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            38                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4767425000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8387356250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  965315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24693.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43443.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       809.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    809.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95438                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     532                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78796.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                343619640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182630580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               679056840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 292320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1604026170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24502560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5192441220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       114816480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9346694850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.201754                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11686482500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9462000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    299193750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3061535750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11387292625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                353972640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                188144715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               699427260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2881440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1646879910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24412320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5184384840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        85603680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9391015845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.104747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11592428500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9275750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    223063000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3155461750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11369683625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1526625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1526625                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            64006                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1136486                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  45807                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6916                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1136486                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            652395                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          484091                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        20397                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     726497                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      62323                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       150633                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1019                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1286068                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1314083                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4495751                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1526625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            698202                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29047707                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 131072                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        42951                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            2                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1281369                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7897                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30474865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.296398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.372385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28730127     94.27%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   19409      0.06%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  629724      2.07%     96.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   28180      0.09%     96.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  124156      0.41%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   60008      0.20%     97.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   84799      0.28%     97.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   23873      0.08%     97.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  774589      2.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30474865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.049996                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.147234                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  651048                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28610452                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   843370                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               304459                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 65536                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7480267                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 65536                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  742024                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27425232                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16926                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   980652                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1244495                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7179434                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                58970                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1003161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                183568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8557339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19948236                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9484628                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            42154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3237089                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5320253                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               275                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           328                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1930550                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1272398                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              88208                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5436                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5525                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6809682                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4725                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4923335                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6459                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4116779                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8660337                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4724                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30474865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.161554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.738867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28472412     93.43%     93.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             790022      2.59%     96.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             421702      1.38%     97.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             286787      0.94%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             289326      0.95%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              88157      0.29%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              75561      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              29091      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              21807      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30474865                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  13338     72.76%     72.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1435      7.83%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3181     17.35%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  339      1.85%     99.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               14      0.08%     99.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              24      0.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18142      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4049479     82.25%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1213      0.02%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13285      0.27%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              17928      0.36%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              754242     15.32%     98.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              66524      1.35%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2462      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            60      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4923335                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.161237                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      18331                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003723                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40303730                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10900067                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4723823                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              42595                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             31122                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19717                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4901601                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  21923                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6825                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       782351                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          172                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        48308                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           60                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1136                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 65536                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25656575                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               259375                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6814407                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3862                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1272398                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               88208                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1749                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16086                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                56150                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35433                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        37489                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               72922                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4838915                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               726160                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            84420                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      788461                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  578816                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     62301                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.158473                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4760436                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4743540                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3479844                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5578130                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.155349                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.623837                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4117269                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            65535                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29893556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.090241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.567181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28757822     96.20%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       512511      1.71%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       128906      0.43%     98.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       333427      1.12%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        59870      0.20%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33918      0.11%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6780      0.02%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5300      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        55022      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29893556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1350935                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2697630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        529948                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       490048                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    468193                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15880                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2681539                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7029                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4802      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2137394     79.23%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            281      0.01%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11621      0.43%     79.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         13584      0.50%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         487752     18.08%     98.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         39900      1.48%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2296      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2697630                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                55022                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36653433                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14212684                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            447                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          59823                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1350935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2697630                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.602633                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.602633                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044243                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044243                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4960736                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4112098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    34739                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   17335                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3074088                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1323382                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2512882                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           240989                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             331605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           240989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.376017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3260577                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3260577                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       289599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         289599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        38906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38906                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       328505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          328505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       328505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         328505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       425398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       425398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       426392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        426392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       426392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       426392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34359116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34359116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     50472999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     50472999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34409588999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34409588999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34409588999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34409588999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       714997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       714997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        39900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        39900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       754897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       754897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       754897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       754897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.594965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.594965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024912                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024912                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.564835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.564835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.564835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.564835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80769.340712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80769.340712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50777.664990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50777.664990                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80699.424471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80699.424471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80699.424471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80699.424471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19025                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              784                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.266582                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       185401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       185404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       185404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       239997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       240988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       240988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       240988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       240988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19197587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19197587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49230499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49230499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19246817499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19246817499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19246817499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19246817499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.335662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024837                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024837                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.319233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.319233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79990.945720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79990.945720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49677.597376                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49677.597376                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79866.290019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79866.290019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79866.290019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79866.290019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5125479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5125479                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1281366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1281366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1281366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1281366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1281366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1281366                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1281369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1281369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1281369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1281369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1281369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1281369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77666.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193167                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      287194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.486765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.161080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.144917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.694003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4633                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4046759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4046759                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2379                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2379                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               596                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   596                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         47238                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             47238                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                47834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    47835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               47834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   47835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             395                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 395                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192759                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192759                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41214000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      41214000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       215000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       215000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18313113500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18313113500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18354327500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18354542500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18354327500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18354542500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2379                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2379                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           991                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               991                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       239997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        239997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           240988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               240991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          240988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              240991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.398587                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.398587                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.803173                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.803173                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.801509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.801507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.801509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.801507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104339.240506                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104339.240506                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       107500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95005.231922                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95005.231922                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95024.319973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95024.449150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95024.319973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95024.449150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          395                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            395                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192759                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192759                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37264000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37264000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       195000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16385513500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16385513500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16422777500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16422972500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16422777500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16422972500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.398587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.803173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.803173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.801507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.801507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94339.240506                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94339.240506                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        97500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85005.180043                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85005.180043                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85024.268201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85024.397378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85024.268201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85024.397378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        386307                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193157                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192550                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       579464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       579464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 579464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12400512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12400512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12400512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193156    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           456019500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1044549000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       481983                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       240990                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          533                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             19                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            240001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2980                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          431176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       239997                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       722966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                722975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15575552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15575936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193167                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     38464                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           434158                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001269                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035667                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 433608     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    549      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             434158                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          243373500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         361483500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
