
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10473398069750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              115036411                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                214870098                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              284362230                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6176277038                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11536325432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          26368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9989504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10015872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        26368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         26368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9944896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9944896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155389                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155389                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1727085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654305288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656032373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1727085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1727085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651383497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651383497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651383497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1727085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654305288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1307415870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156499                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155389                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156499                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155389                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10015936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9945024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10015936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9944896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267207000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156499                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155389                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    725.431022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   566.580023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.899784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2033      7.39%      7.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2307      8.38%     15.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2047      7.44%     23.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1786      6.49%     29.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1368      4.97%     34.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1721      6.25%     40.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1273      4.63%     45.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1305      4.74%     50.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13676     49.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.125811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.072587                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.601582                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             45      0.46%      0.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           103      1.06%      1.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9402     96.88%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           106      1.09%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            21      0.22%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             8      0.08%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             5      0.05%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010242                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.214799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9669     99.63%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.05%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.08%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.13%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2898581000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5832937250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18521.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37271.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142868                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141505                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48950.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99181740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52712550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562010820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407186100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         752319360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1504635840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63078720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2093906970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       327376320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1573650840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7436156880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.062898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11803150375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42843250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318828000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6358773000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    852579500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3102522500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4591797875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97282500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51706875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               555384900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403954920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         751090080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1514823450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64325760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2071642770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       318605280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1586918400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7415734935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.725276                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11687258375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     45926500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6405069125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    829638250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3125095500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4543234750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1295114                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1295114                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             8107                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1285091                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4144                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               853                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1285091                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1241400                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           43691                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5644                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     432442                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1276849                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          848                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2641                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      65625                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          416                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             90916                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5820116                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1295114                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1245544                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30398861                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  17104                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2154                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    65320                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2407                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.383586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.649831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28760728     94.30%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   47712      0.16%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   52215      0.17%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  269069      0.88%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   33808      0.11%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   12399      0.04%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12151      0.04%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   31272      0.10%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1281410      4.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042415                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190607                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  417174                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28605969                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   686710                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               782359                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8552                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11621451                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8552                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  694825                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 291457                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14505                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1189989                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28301436                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11580240                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 25710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27998215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14811982                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24498008                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13339075                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           449841                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14477542                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  334440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               161                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           168                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4781684                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              444844                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1286111                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30353                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           22322                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11504608                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                946                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11428728                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2164                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         211295                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       308069                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           798                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500764                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.374703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.261826                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27414272     89.88%     89.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             495856      1.63%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             537686      1.76%     93.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             359241      1.18%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             313486      1.03%     95.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1011047      3.31%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             144503      0.47%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             193804      0.64%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              30869      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500764                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  87682     93.29%     93.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     93.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     93.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  589      0.63%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     93.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1132      1.20%     95.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  252      0.27%     95.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4125      4.39%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             204      0.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5908      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9585186     83.87%     83.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  94      0.00%     83.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  333      0.00%     83.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             122900      1.08%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              366573      3.21%     88.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1224660     10.72%     98.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69290      0.61%     99.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53784      0.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11428728                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.374287                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      93984                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008223                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52904373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11415772                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11130012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             549995                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            301317                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       269741                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11239385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 277419                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2417                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28912                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          258                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15095                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          649                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8552                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  74834                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               171749                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11505554                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1095                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               444844                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1286111                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               420                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   533                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               170967                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           258                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2259                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7947                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               10206                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11409324                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               432211                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            19404                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1709011                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1262380                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1276800                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.373651                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11403789                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11399753                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8338968                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11606878                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.373338                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.718451                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         211541                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             8373                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30467156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.370703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27496513     90.25%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       371634      1.22%     91.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       327791      1.08%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1099253      3.61%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72608      0.24%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       637710      2.09%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        87613      0.29%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        27648      0.09%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       346386      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30467156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5589421                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11294259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1686948                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       415932                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1254165                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    265045                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11150447                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3226      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9483343     83.97%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        120392      1.07%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         349771      3.10%     88.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1217826     10.78%     98.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66161      0.59%     99.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53190      0.47%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11294259                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               346386                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41626570                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23045778                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            335                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33924                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5589421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11294259                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.462943                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.462943                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.183052                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.183052                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13066688                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8643514                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   419775                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  214956                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6294641                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5742798                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4243110                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156142                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1476115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.453670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6955378                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6955378                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       423773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         423773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1116590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1116590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1540363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1540363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1540363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1540363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159446                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    463467000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    463467000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13945304498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13945304498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14408771498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14408771498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14408771498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14408771498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       428753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       428753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1271056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1271056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1699809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1699809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1699809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1699809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.121526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93065.662651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93065.662651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90280.738143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90280.738143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90367.720093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90367.720093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90367.720093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90367.720093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19964                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          291                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              199                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   100.321608                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           97                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    180451500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180451500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13790227498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13790227498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13970678998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13970678998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13970678998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13970678998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121519                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121519                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106839.253996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106839.253996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89281.406583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89281.406583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89471.325085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89471.325085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89471.325085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89471.325085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              746                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.527808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             454106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           608.721180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.527808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           262030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          262030                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        64409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          64409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        64409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           64409                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        64409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          64409                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56839500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56839500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56839500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56839500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56839500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56839500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        65320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        65320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        65320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        65320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        65320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        65320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62392.425906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62392.425906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62392.425906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62392.425906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62392.425906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62392.425906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           70                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           35                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          746                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              746                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47417500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47417500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47417500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47417500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47417500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47417500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63223.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63223.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63223.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63223.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63223.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63223.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157154                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.481157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.858895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16295.659948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2667114                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2667114                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          745                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              745                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            334                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                334                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  55                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154437                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          412                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              412                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1650                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1650                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               412                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156087                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156499                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13558291000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13558291000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42757000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     42757000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    177415000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    177415000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13735706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13778463000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13735706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13778463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          745                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          745                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154453                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154453                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          746                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            746                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1689                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1689                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.552279                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.552279                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.976909                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.976909                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.552279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.552279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87791.727371                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87791.727371                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103779.126214                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103779.126214                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107524.242424                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107524.242424                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103779.126214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88000.320334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88041.859692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103779.126214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88000.320334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88041.859692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154437                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154437                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          412                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          412                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1650                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1650                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12013921000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12013921000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38637000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38637000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    160915000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160915000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12174836000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12213473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38637000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12174836000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12213473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.552279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.976909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.976909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.552279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.552279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77791.727371                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77791.727371                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93779.126214                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93779.126214                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97524.242424                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97524.242424                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93779.126214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78000.320334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78041.859692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93779.126214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78000.320334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78041.859692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313113                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156636                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19960832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19960832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19960832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156499    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           935354500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823139000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313785                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156888                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          138                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            621                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          621                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2439                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154453                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           750                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1689                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        95488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19905216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20000704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157158                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9945152                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314051                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002417                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049102                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313292     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    759      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314051                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312515500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234215500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
