
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10442863381500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              104864577                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                195841427                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              259687392                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    58.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6165116857                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11513758958                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          23616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10030336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10053952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         23616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9983872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9983872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155998                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155998                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1546831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         656979755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658526586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1546831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1546831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       653936396                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            653936396                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       653936396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1546831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        656979755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1312462982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157094                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155998                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157094                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155998                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10054016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9984000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10054016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9983872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267331000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157094                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155998                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    731.133328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   572.256058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.415317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1873      6.83%      6.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2628      9.59%     16.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1995      7.28%     23.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1462      5.33%     29.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1330      4.85%     33.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1410      5.14%     39.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1526      5.57%     44.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1357      4.95%     49.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13825     50.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.127515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.079385                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.560947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             38      0.39%      0.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           101      1.04%      1.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9441     96.93%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           114      1.17%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            22      0.23%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.015091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.013303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.269760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9699     99.57%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.13%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.09%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                6      0.06%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::31                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2896977750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5842490250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18441.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37191.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       653.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    653.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143500                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142188                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48763.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98924700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52579725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               565873560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              410010120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         757851120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1530412380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62412000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2095042410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       328302720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1560429120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7461899145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            488.748998                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11747092500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43503375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     321222000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6299159000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    854918000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3154024750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4594517000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96761280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51426045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               555777600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404325540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         744329040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1497277140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63044640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2068035810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       316667040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1597302900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7395054345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.370712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11819443125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44136250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6459596875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    824638750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3088244750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4535207500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1268161                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1268161                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7525                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1259704                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4389                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               942                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1259704                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1218346                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41358                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5234                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351850                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1250927                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          928                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2691                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53951                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          221                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             77894                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5566925                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1268161                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1222735                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30415853                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  94                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          708                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    53827                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2134                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30502342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.367962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.625619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28868360     94.64%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40192      0.13%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42876      0.14%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224885      0.74%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   28003      0.09%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9303      0.03%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9965      0.03%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25268      0.08%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1253490      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30502342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041532                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182315                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  400925                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28686277                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   638252                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               769098                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7790                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11152360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7790                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  672695                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 282324                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15517                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1134394                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28389622                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11114107                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28101730                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14158390                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23518858                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12793697                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           311153                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13855232                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  303177                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               146                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4768655                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              363435                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1260118                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20725                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           23129                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11044120                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                909                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10973703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2244                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         196550                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       286477                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           782                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30502342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.359766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.231327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27514294     90.20%     90.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             479087      1.57%     91.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             527228      1.73%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             349536      1.15%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             310884      1.02%     95.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1003459      3.29%     98.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119566      0.39%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             172979      0.57%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25309      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30502342                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73247     94.12%     94.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  469      0.60%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   817      1.05%     95.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  230      0.30%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2808      3.61%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             248      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4640      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9277703     84.54%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 117      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  344      0.00%     84.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83292      0.76%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308236      2.81%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1210995     11.04%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46749      0.43%     99.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41627      0.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10973703                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.359385                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77819                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007091                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52147232                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11030069                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10759740                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             382583                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            211731                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       187278                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10853893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 192989                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2459                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26698                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          231                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15163                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          803                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7790                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  60269                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               182053                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11045029                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              847                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               363435                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1260118                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               397                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   415                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               181475                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           231                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2148                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7332                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9480                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10955769                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351679                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1602564                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1237212                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1250885                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.358797                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10950657                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10947018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7988566                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11169037                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.358511                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.715242                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         196851                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7617                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30470855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.356028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.255956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27579149     90.51%     90.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       347208      1.14%     91.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324324      1.06%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1091053      3.58%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71382      0.23%     96.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       666783      2.19%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72658      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22304      0.07%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       295994      0.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30470855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5359268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10848486                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1581693                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336737                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1229467                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    183567                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10751360                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2366      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9182795     84.65%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             89      0.00%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81269      0.75%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292422      2.70%     88.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1203966     11.10%     99.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44315      0.41%     99.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40990      0.38%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10848486                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               295994                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41220198                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22122713                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            313                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          32347                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5359268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10848486                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.697548                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.697548                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.175514                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.175514                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12536680                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8312874                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   288413                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145005                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6169749                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5509985                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4085148                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156778                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1422596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.073952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6528214                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6528214                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1089722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1089722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1433517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1433517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1433517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1433517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    394977000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    394977000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14006484500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14006484500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14401461500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14401461500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14401461500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14401461500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1244984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1244984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1592859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1592859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1592859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1592859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96808.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96808.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90211.928869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90211.928869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90380.825520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90380.825520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90380.825520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90380.825520                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19327                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    96.635000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   107.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2559                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2559                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    163932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13850279000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13850279000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14014211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14014211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14014211000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14014211000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106935.420744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106935.420744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89212.747182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89212.747182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89386.036751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89386.036751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89386.036751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89386.036751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              682                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.999187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              39746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            58.278592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.999187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           215994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          215994                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        53827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        53827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        53827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        53827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        53827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64257.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64257.042254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64257.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64257.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64257.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64257.042254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          682                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              682                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44132500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44132500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44132500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44132500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44132500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44132500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64333.090379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64333.090379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64333.090379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64333.090379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64333.090379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64333.090379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157699                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       48.280754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        29.825886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16305.893359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2676859                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2676859                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155708                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155708                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          682                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              682                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            313                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                313                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 313                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155227                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1498                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1498                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157094                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13617136000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13617136000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39794500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     39794500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161195000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    161195000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39794500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13778331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13818125500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39794500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13778331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13818125500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155708                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155708                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          682                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          682                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155246                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155246                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          682                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            682                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1533                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1533                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541056                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.541056                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977169                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.977169                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.541056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.541056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87724.017085                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87724.017085                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107844.173442                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107844.173442                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107606.809079                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107606.809079                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107844.173442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87914.059659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87960.873744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107844.173442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87914.059659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87960.873744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155998                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155998                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155227                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          369                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          369                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1498                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1498                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12064876000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12064876000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36104500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36104500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    146215000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146215000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36104500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12211091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12247195500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36104500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12211091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12247195500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.541056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77724.081506                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77724.081506                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97844.173442                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97844.173442                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97606.809079                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97606.809079                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97844.173442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77914.123465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77960.937401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97844.173442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77914.123465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77960.937401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314293                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157220                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20037824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20037824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20037824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157094    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           938883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826198500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314929                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157460                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          126                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            578                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          578                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2219                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2771                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155246                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155245                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19999104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20086400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157703                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9984128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002234                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047210                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314464     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    704      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313854500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1029000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235169499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
