
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10671873543375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66633615                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                124583594                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              162818741                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    93.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6248162419                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11682071955                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          23616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10038336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10061952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         23616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9988736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9988736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        156074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             156074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1546831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657503749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             659050580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1546831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1546831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       654254985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            654254985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       654254985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1546831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657503749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1313305565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157219                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     156074                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   156074                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10062016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9988864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10062016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9988736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             10086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            10000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267272000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157219                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               156074                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    733.946631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   571.947503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.626078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2037      7.46%      7.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2459      9.00%     16.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1897      6.94%     23.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1402      5.13%     28.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1342      4.91%     33.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1338      4.90%     38.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1505      5.51%     43.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1416      5.18%     49.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13923     50.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9746                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.131849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.082691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.583379                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             43      0.44%      0.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            96      0.99%      1.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9449     96.95%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           113      1.16%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            22      0.23%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9746                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.014365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012842                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.240145                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9704     99.57%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13      0.13%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                4      0.04%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               11      0.11%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                7      0.07%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2895696250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5843552500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  786095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18418.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37168.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       659.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       654.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    659.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    654.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143639                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142336                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48731.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97739460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51942165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562153620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407071260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         747402240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1500959910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             65242560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2073804210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       314176320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1594168020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7414659765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.654853                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11805775750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     48547250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316844000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6439872250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    818148250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3096177125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4547755250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97318200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51729645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               560382900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              407645460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         744329040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1517748120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65105760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2075520480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       291274080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1597723740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7408908405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.278143                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11762182500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44998500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315496000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6459006500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    758515625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3137686750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4551640750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1254995                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1254995                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7012                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1246771                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4434                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               938                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1246771                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1207520                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           39251                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4955                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     350916                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1240436                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          845                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2712                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      52718                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          296                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             76656                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5509126                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1254995                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1211954                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30415487                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  14680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1077                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    52533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2089                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.364457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.617938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28880856     94.69%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40078      0.13%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42606      0.14%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224835      0.74%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27748      0.09%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8839      0.03%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9853      0.03%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25255      0.08%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1240667      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041101                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.180422                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  389415                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28709911                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   640896                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               753175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7340                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11048204                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7340                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  666333                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 287145                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16344                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1115984                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28407591                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11012826                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28114252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14029478                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23296875                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12674205                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           309136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13753649                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  275829                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           158                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4776124                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              362029                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1249185                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15298                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10948953                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                836                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10884186                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2312                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         182578                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       264015                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           709                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.356850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.226068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27535134     90.28%     90.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             473531      1.55%     91.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             527178      1.73%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348829      1.14%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             300464      0.99%     95.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1003341      3.29%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119575      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167679      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25006      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73180     94.19%     94.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  405      0.52%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   850      1.09%     95.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  235      0.30%     96.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2785      3.58%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             241      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4547      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9199817     84.52%     84.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 115      0.00%     84.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  341      0.00%     84.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83315      0.77%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307467      2.82%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1200498     11.03%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46540      0.43%     99.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41546      0.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10884186                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.356453                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77696                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007138                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51967167                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10922821                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10672248                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             381950                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            209751                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       187187                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10764725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 192610                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2563                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25289                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          215                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14391                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          699                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7340                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  57708                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               189277                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10949789                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               362029                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1249185                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               369                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   432                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               188670                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           215                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1943                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7030                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10867648                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               350748                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16538                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1591141                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1226632                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1240393                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.355912                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10862892                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10859435                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7917290                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11075365                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.355643                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714856                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         182874                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7180                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30471164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.353357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.250825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27600267     90.58%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       341633      1.12%     91.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324469      1.06%     92.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1086051      3.56%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        66005      0.22%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       666670      2.19%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72538      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22359      0.07%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       291172      0.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30471164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5318637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10767211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1571534                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336740                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1219305                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    183567                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10670085                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2366      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9111677     84.62%     84.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81269      0.75%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292425      2.72%     88.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1193804     11.09%     99.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44315      0.41%     99.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40990      0.38%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10767211                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               291172                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41130077                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21930294                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            327                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33951                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5318637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10767211                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.741074                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.741074                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.174183                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.174183                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12437231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8246365                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   288410                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144922                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6117196                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5466700                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4051790                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156901                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1411204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.994232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6484301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6484301                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1079415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1079415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1422427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1422427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1422427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1422427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    387540000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    387540000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14018103996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14018103996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14405643996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14405643996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14405643996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14405643996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1234824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1234824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1581850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1581850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1581850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1581850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125855                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.125855                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96547.085202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96547.085202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90201.365404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90201.365404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90361.139836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90361.139836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90361.139836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90361.139836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              180                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    89.972222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   107.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155946                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    160095500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160095500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13861759998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13861759998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14021855498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14021855498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14021855498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14021855498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125845                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125845                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105953.342158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105953.342158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89202.810870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89202.810870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89364.116948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89364.116948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89364.116948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89364.116948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              678                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.998872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             299843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           442.246313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.998872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           210817                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          210817                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        51689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          51689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        51689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           51689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        51689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          51689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54753500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54753500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54753500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54753500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54753500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54753500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        52533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        52533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        52533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        52533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        52533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64873.815166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64873.815166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64873.815166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64873.815166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64873.815166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64873.815166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          678                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              678                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43976500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43976500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43976500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43976500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43976500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43976500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64199.270073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64199.270073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64199.270073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64199.270073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64199.270073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64199.270073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157811                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       47.311292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        29.950475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16306.738233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1080                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9565                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5643                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2678979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2678979                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155946                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155946                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          677                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              677                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            310                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                310                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 310                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155371                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155371                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1479                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1479                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13628372500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13628372500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39667000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     39667000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    157425500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    157425500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39667000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13785798000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13825465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39667000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13785798000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13825465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155946                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155946                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          677                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          677                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155390                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155390                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          679                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            679                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1511                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1511                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543446                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.543446                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.978822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.543446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.543446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87715.033694                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87715.033694                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107498.644986                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107498.644986                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106440.500338                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106440.500338                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107498.644986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87891.603443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87937.622043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107498.644986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87891.603443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87937.622043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               156074                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    156074                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155371                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155371                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          369                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          369                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1479                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1479                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12074662500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12074662500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35977000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35977000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    142635500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142635500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35977000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12217298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12253275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35977000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12217298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12253275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.543446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77715.033694                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77715.033694                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97498.644986                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97498.644986                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96440.500338                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96440.500338                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97498.644986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77891.603443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77937.622043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97498.644986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77891.603443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77937.622043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314514                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157308                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       156074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20050752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20050752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20050752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157219    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           939405500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826896750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315171                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157599                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          117                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            613                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          613                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       312020                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          678                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155390                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155390                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1511                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        86848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20022208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20109056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157817                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9989120                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315403                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002375                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048673                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314654     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    749      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315403                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314209500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1027500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235354500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
