
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               610693765000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                4290447                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  8115324                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               47736163                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   319.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1372203328                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2595504750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        3447424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            3447744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      2428224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2428224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           53866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               53871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         37941                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              37941                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         225803779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             225824739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       159046916                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            159046916                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       159046916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        225803779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            384871655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       53871                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      37941                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     53871                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    37941                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                3447232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2428864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 3447744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              2428224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              3284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              3423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              3477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              3187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              3319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              3456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              3507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              3381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              3428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              3610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             3357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             3274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             3299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             3316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             3393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             2309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267467000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 53871                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                37941                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   50357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    3270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   1370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   1445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        49567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    118.545968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.756866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   105.562808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        29952     60.43%     60.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14834     29.93%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2724      5.50%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1000      2.02%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          536      1.08%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          338      0.68%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          170      0.34%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        49567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      24.598357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     24.285297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.981840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            39      1.78%      1.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           140      6.39%      8.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           316     14.42%     22.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           443     20.22%     42.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           421     19.21%     62.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           352     16.07%     78.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           230     10.50%     88.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           124      5.66%     94.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            71      3.24%     97.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35            33      1.51%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37            15      0.68%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             4      0.18%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             3      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.322831                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.294205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.987533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              743     33.93%     33.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               72      3.29%     37.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             1309     59.77%     96.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               58      2.65%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.32%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1256633750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              2266565000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  269315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23330.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42080.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       225.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       159.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    225.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    159.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    28173                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   14072                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 52.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                37.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     166290.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                180870480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 96123555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               193022760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               99707220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1189328400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1150227510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             37417440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5222524680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       309265440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        107763840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8586312045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            562.397230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12647401125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19462500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     503280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    389049250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    805520500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2097200500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11452831375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                173045040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 91968030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               191559060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               98370900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1198548000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1153582530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             35154720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5285233800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       302295840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         78752640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8608773930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            563.868467                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12644736500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18441750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     507239125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    267722250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    787192250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2096926750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11589822000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                9109033                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          9109033                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           233263                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             7641685                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 726312                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11149                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        7641685                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4556673                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         3085012                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        53454                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9504915                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    5647476                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        76456                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         8861                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    7522631                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           26                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7643626                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      48882126                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    9109033                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           5282985                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     22656893                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 467876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  11                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          221                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  7522605                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                93652                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.098043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.467858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                15199344     49.78%     49.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  535105      1.75%     51.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  671240      2.20%     53.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1796140      5.88%     59.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  995856      3.26%     62.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1067726      3.50%     66.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1600515      5.24%     71.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  943480      3.09%     74.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 7725283     25.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.298318                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.600872                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 7315040                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8258403                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 14368624                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               358684                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                233938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              92738092                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                233938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 7498517                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                4834081                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           749                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 14518276                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3449128                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              91966510                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                69051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                177630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 38210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               3129081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          112340076                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            233828193                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       145827875                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             99766886                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                12573243                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                99                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1182277                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9746562                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5914020                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            41986                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          789912                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89384218                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              10947                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 86845687                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            39582                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7737907                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10730947                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         10947                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.844165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.428116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9303547     30.47%     30.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1511262      4.95%     35.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3706775     12.14%     47.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3317097     10.86%     58.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3400473     11.14%     69.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4346562     14.23%     83.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2691854      8.82%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1573194      5.15%     97.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             683925      2.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534689                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1146137     97.97%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 19734      1.69%     99.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 4062      0.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           102786      0.12%      0.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             70815660     81.54%     81.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               73113      0.08%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               592286      0.68%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9562122     11.01%     93.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5699720      6.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              86845687                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.844165                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1169933                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013471                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         205435581                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         97133739                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     86308882                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              87912834                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1040471                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       763141                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1617                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          667                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       536509                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                233938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1884367                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                49520                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89395165                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9746562                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5914020                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3960                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  9505                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                37031                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           667                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        143636                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129248                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              272884                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             86528919                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9504398                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           316771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    15151872                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8235460                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5647474                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.833791                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      86471744                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     86308882                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 65934615                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                113718832                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.826585                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.579804                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7737971                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           233276                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29433819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.774268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.974938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10318085     35.06%     35.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3962930     13.46%     48.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2297396      7.81%     56.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3611629     12.27%     68.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1145017      3.89%     72.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1631476      5.54%     78.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       765473      2.60%     80.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       680091      2.31%     82.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5021722     17.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29433819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            41981264                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              81657308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14360942                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8983431                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7868999                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 81575176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              628236                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        82132      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        66606784     81.57%     81.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          70389      0.09%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          537061      0.66%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        8983431     11.00%     93.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5377511      6.59%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         81657308                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              5021722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   113807376                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  179895468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   41981264                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     81657308                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.727341                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.727341                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.374871                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.374871                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               135595443                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               73762918                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 49739020                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                31562899                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               31844849                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            66184                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2060054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            66184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            31.126163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          633                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         55200988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        55200988                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8284642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8284642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5351670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5351670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     13636312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        13636312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     13636312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       13636312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       121544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       121544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        25845                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        25845                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       147389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        147389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       147389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       147389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8968512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8968512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2300604000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2300604000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11269116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11269116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11269116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11269116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8406186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8406186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5377515                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5377515                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13783701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13783701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13783701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13783701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73788.191930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73788.191930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89015.438189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89015.438189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76458.324570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76458.324570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76458.324570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76458.324570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          252                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           36                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        47956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            47956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        80960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        80960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        81205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        81205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81205                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        40584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        25600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        25600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        66184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        66184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2996050500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2996050500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2257033500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2257033500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5253084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5253084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5253084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5253084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004761                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004761                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73823.440272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73823.440272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88165.371094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88165.371094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79370.905355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79370.905355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79370.905355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79370.905355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               2465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         30090425                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        30090425                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      7522600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7522600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      7522600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         7522600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      7522600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        7522600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      7522605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7522605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      7522605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7522605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      7522605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7522605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       100200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       100200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     53877                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       77321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     53877                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.435139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        1.063093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.996082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16381.940826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1112901                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1112901                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        47956                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            47956                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               344                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   344                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         11974                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             11974                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                12318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    12318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               12318                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   12318                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           25256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               25256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        28610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           28610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              53866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  53871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             53866                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 53871                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2215020000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2215020000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       488500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       488500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2808987500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2808987500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       488500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5024007500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5024496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       488500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5024007500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5024496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        47956                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        47956                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         25600                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             25600                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        40584                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         40584                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            66184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                66189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           66184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               66189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.986563                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.986563                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.704958                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.704958                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.813883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.813897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.813883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.813897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87702.724105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87702.724105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97700                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        97700                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98182.016777                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98182.016777                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93268.620280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93269.031575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93268.620280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93269.031575                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                37941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     37941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        25256                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          25256                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        28610                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        28610                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         53866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             53871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        53866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            53871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1962460000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1962460000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       438500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       438500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2522887500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2522887500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       438500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4485347500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4485786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       438500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4485347500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4485786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.986563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.704958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.704958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.813883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.813897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.813883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.813897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77702.724105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77702.724105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87700                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87700                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88182.016777                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88182.016777                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83268.620280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83269.031575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83268.620280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83269.031575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        107741                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        53870                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              28615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        37941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            15929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             25256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            25256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         28615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       161612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       161612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 161612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5875968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      5875968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5875968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             53871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   53871    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               53871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           273721000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          290972750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       132378                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        66189                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             40589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        85897                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           34164                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            25600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           25600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        40584                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       198552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                198567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7304960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                7305600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           53877                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   2428224                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           120066                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.008162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 120058     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      8      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             120066                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          114150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          99276000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
