
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3007666792625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              109593143                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                202873123                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              303797297                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    50.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5507605426                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10195394473                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11680192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11680256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        67712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           67712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          182503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              182504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         765044130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             765048322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4435087                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4435087                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4435087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        765044130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            769483409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      182504                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1058                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    182504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1058                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11670272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   10048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   67840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11680256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                67712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267347000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                182504                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1058                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  140190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   39555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    121.347547                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.408183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.522327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46683     48.27%     48.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40865     42.25%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8022      8.29%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          978      1.01%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          110      0.11%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           66                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2760.696970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2681.820197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    655.246471                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      1.52%      1.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            2      3.03%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            5      7.58%     12.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            8     12.12%     24.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            9     13.64%     37.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           12     18.18%     56.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            8     12.12%     68.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           10     15.15%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      6.06%     89.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      4.55%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      3.03%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.52%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            66                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           66                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.060606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.057209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.345467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               64     96.97%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      3.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            66                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4562807000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7981832000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  911740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25022.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43772.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       764.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    765.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    85772                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     907                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      83172.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                343848120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182729250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               648454800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2458620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1571087010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24829920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5247189720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        95787360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     719340.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9322413180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            610.611322                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11757220250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10128000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510059500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       696500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    249456500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2989289500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11507714125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346796940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184304175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               653509920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3074580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1587958440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24257280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5199059490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       123019680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9326674905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.890462                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11721344750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9765250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    320716250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3026634125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11400628500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1833978                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1833978                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            88676                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1382792                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  77268                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11290                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1382792                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            757086                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          625706                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        34557                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     942964                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     120256                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       179872                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1742                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1474350                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5707                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1516788                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5719188                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1833978                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            834354                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28820580                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 181134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1286                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        49559                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1468643                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13948                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30481002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.378403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.550042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28327880     92.94%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   31920      0.10%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  669129      2.20%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   54163      0.18%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  152636      0.50%     95.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  100698      0.33%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  114384      0.38%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   40435      0.13%     96.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  989757      3.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30481002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.060062                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.187301                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  804013                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28114545                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1115325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               356552                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 90567                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9733217                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 90567                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  924652                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26768250                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15799                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1269420                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1412314                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9316865                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                87161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1111438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                224435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11101811                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25491495                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12656299                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            90440                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4384112                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6717698                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               326                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           397                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2178577                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1540714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             166887                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            10082                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            8297                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8740503                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               9287                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6550459                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            12340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5115599                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9986923                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          9286                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30481002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.214903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.873547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27968241     91.76%     91.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             927422      3.04%     94.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             520694      1.71%     96.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             364001      1.19%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             346285      1.14%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             146497      0.48%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119037      0.39%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              52801      0.17%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              36024      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30481002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  24302     72.49%     72.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2778      8.29%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5577     16.64%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  512      1.53%     98.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              329      0.98%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              27      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            29801      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5337585     81.48%     81.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2452      0.04%     81.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                26466      0.40%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              34365      0.52%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              984508     15.03%     97.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             128084      1.96%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           7130      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            68      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6550459                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.214525                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      33525                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005118                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43541077                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13792076                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6244268                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              86708                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             73320                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        38170                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6509486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  44697                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           12673                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       928908                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          329                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        88038                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1168                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 90567                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24444241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               275235                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8749790                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1540714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              166887                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3315                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18551                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                58756                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         45996                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57841                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              103837                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6410842                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               942318                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           139617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1062559                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  758454                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    120241                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.209953                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6311880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6282438                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4592862                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7567763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.205748                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.606898                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5116346                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            90562                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29744659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.122180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.684955                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28305752     95.16%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       615007      2.07%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       176504      0.59%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       405963      1.36%     99.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        74775      0.25%     99.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        49645      0.17%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12614      0.04%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9914      0.03%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        94485      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29744659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1823718                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3634191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        690655                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       611806                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    589933                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     31768                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3602117                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               13929                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         9601      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2882893     79.33%     79.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            557      0.02%     79.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           23365      0.64%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         27120      0.75%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         607158     16.71%     97.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         78849      2.17%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4648      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3634191                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                94485                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38400711                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18240564                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            443                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          53686                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1823718                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3634191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             16.743097                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       16.743097                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.059726                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.059726                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7087701                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5426123                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    66974                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   33487                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4022869                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1843050                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3184081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           276630                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             511961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           276630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.850707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4282250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4282250                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       438015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         438015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        77678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         77678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       515693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          515693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       515693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         515693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       484541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       484541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       485712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        485712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       485712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       485712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33605446000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33605446000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     86363500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86363500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33691809500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33691809500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33691809500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33691809500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       922556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       922556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        78849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        78849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1001405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1001405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1001405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1001405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.525216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.525216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.485031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.485031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.485031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.485031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69355.216586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69355.216586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73751.921435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73751.921435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69365.816574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69365.816574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69365.816574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69365.816574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        35444                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1125                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.505778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       275472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       275472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       276630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       276630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       276630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       276630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18754497500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18754497500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     84032500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84032500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18838530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18838530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18838530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18838530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.298597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014686                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014686                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.276242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.276242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68081.320425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68081.320425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72566.925734                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72566.925734                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68100.097603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68100.097603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68100.097603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68100.097603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5874573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5874573                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1468642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1468642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1468642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1468642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1468642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1468642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1468643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1468643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1468643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1468643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1468643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1468643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    182544                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      364064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    182544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.994390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.437457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.068874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.493670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9037                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6073                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4607472                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4607472                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2749                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2749                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               388                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   388                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         93739                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             93739                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                94127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    94127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               94127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   94127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             770                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 770                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       181733                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          181733                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             182503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 182504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            182503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                182504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     78053000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      78053000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       101000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17318085500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17318085500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17396138500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17396239500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17396138500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17396239500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2749                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2749                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1158                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       275472                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        275472                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           276630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               276631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          276630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              276631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.664940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.664940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.659715                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.659715                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.659737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.659738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.659737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.659738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101367.532468                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101367.532468                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       101000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95294.115543                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95294.115543                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95319.739949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95319.771074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95319.739949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95319.771074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1058                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1058                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           20                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            20                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          770                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            770                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       181733                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       181733                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        182503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            182504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       182503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           182504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     70353000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70353000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15500755500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15500755500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15571108500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15571199500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15571108500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15571199500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.664940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.664940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.659715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.659715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.659737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.659738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.659737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.659738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91367.532468                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91367.532468                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85294.115543                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85294.115543                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85319.739949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85319.771074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85319.739949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85319.771074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        365002                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       182505                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             181734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1058                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           181440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               770                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              770                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        181734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       547506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       547506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 547506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11747968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11747968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11747968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            182504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  182504    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              182504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           432126000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          989307500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       553262                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       276631                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          306                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             66                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           57                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            275473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3807                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          455367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       275472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       829890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                829893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17880256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17880384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          182544                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     67712                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           459175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000830                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029466                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 458803     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    363      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      9      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             459175                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          279381000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         414945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
