
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10946685737625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               76225920                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                142739685                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              182765107                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    83.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6367556327                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11923806009                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           2112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       23102848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           23104960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         2112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          2112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18006912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18006912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          360982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              361015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        281358                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             281358                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            138334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1513219838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1513358172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       138334                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           138334                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1179439715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1179439715                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1179439715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           138334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1513219838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           2692797887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      361012                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     281358                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    361012                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   281358                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               23099200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                18007360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                23104768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18006912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     90                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             22268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             22562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             22604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             22427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             22083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             21934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             23208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             22797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             22263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             22657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            22727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            22209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            22577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            22997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            22600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            23012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             17429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             17489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             17626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             17497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             17155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             17077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             18081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             17810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             17262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             17672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            17776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            17260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            17582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            17924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            17663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            18062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267348000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                361012                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               281358                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  135695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  103776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   79951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   41499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   4716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  10253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  15293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  17789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  18381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  18869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  18921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  19103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  19094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  19143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  19087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  18933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  20207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  24240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  18978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  17848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       376536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    109.170502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.554934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   125.571102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       299325     79.49%     79.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39953     10.61%     90.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16466      4.37%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9726      2.58%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5125      1.36%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2911      0.77%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1271      0.34%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          632      0.17%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1127      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       376536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.541290                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.197892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      7.617853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31          17419     99.13%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           147      0.84%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         17571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.164598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            17437     99.24%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               65      0.37%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               47      0.27%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               18      0.10%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         17571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  13910484750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             20677828500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1804625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     38541.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.04                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                57291.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1512.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1179.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1513.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1179.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        21.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    11.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    9.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   241493                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   24265                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 66.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 8.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      23767.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    41.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1337457660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                710894580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1284364620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              731656080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1146303600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           3748318290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             41659680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2675796600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        80524320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        214968300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            11971983450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            784.156259                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           6939086500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     13450500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     485008000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    861097000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    209691000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    7829659750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5868437875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1350980820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                718059540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1292639880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              737069220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1140157200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           3716112720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             41335200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2662491660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        83747520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        238732020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            11981421120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            784.774419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           7010080250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     14700250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     482575500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    953084000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    218046500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    7759952250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5838985625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2310699                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2310699                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            35707                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1867917                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  87864                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               199                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1867917                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            741445                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1126472                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3283                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3607124                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1513158                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       113871                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          114                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1178598                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           23                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1204609                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      10156458                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2310699                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            829309                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29288060                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  71612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   9                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          250                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          378                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1178580                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6593                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30529112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.638508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.016684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27340982     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  188564      0.62%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  147357      0.48%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  252759      0.83%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  259918      0.85%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  280539      0.92%     93.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  275089      0.90%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  112619      0.37%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1671285      5.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30529112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.075675                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.332620                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  764496                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27158011                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1776512                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               794287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 35806                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              18620892                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 35806                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1070173                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               20779883                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10687                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2178498                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              6454065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              18422242                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               396228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2041508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               4939519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 25143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           21037540                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             48556482                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        27497533                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups              102                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             18996954                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 2040564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                96                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           114                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4392580                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2809473                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1589433                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           361587                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          145624                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  18154396                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 18602746                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            17738                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1495362                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2231509                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           691                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30529112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.609344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.547846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24844956     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1483458      4.86%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1015867      3.33%     89.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             868580      2.85%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             767549      2.51%     94.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             583728      1.91%     96.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             441845      1.45%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             343124      1.12%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             180005      0.59%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30529112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 179984     47.58%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     47.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                137607     36.38%     83.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                60678     16.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            31937      0.17%      0.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             13410511     72.09%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   1      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 40      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3631257     19.52%     91.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1529000      8.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              18602746                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.609233                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     378269                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.020334                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          68130521                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         19650571                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     17525192                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 90                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               122                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           45                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              18949033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     45                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          434371                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250007                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          214                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       200204                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            5                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1059513                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 35806                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               10514579                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3402363                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           18155231                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2593                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2809473                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1589433                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               343                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                116535                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3233309                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         23262                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        19274                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               42536                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             18517319                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3607075                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            85427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5120213                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2050159                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1513138                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.606436                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      17529514                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     17525237                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 12883755                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 21949017                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.573945                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.586986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1497391                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            144                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            35716                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30310097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.898361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27382331     90.34%     90.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       412043      1.36%     91.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       169601      0.56%     92.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       427750      1.41%     93.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        89294      0.29%     93.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        41133      0.14%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        88921      0.29%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        63209      0.21%     94.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1635815      5.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30310097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             8529714                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              16659845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       3948710                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2559479                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         96                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1993575                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 16638586                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               85501                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        21163      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        12689972     76.17%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2559479     15.36%     91.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1389231      8.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         16659845                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1635815                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    46831518                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   36534571                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             32                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           5576                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    8529714                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     16659845                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.579802                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.579802                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.279345                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.279345                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                27746837                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               13933782                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                       75                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                      45                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 11475822                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5956576                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                9349010                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           475237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2042725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           475237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.298329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         14950189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        14950189                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1384476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1384476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1386976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1386976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      2771452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         2771452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      2771452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        2771452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       845031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       845031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         2255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2255                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       847286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        847286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       847286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       847286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  66505937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  66505937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    238648775                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    238648775                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  66744585775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  66744585775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  66744585775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  66744585775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2229507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2229507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1389231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1389231                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      3618738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3618738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      3618738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3618738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.379021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.379021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.234139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.234139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78702.363582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78702.363582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105830.942350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105830.942350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78774.564639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78774.564639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78774.564639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78774.564639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     13211566                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           273337                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    48.334349                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       392309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           392309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       371984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       371984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       372051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       372051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       372051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       372051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       473047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       473047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       475235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       475235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       475235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       475235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41045412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41045412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    232824783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232824783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41278236783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41278236783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41278236783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41278236783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.212176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.212176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001575                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001575                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.131326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.131326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86768.147774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86768.147774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106409.864260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106409.864260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86858.578983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86858.578983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86858.578983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86858.578983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               33                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           26684595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               33                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         808624.090909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          991                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4714353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4714353                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1178539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1178539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1178539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1178539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1178539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1178539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6624500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6624500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6624500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6624500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6624500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6624500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1178580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1178580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1178580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1178580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1178580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 161573.170732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161573.170732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 161573.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161573.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 161573.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161573.170732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5461500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5461500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5461500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5461500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5461500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5461500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       165500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       165500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       165500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       165500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    361049                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      593335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    361049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.643364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.643007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         3.472273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16376.884719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7078                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7964849                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7964849                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       392309                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           392309                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           33                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               33                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                51                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    51                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        114205                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            114205                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               114256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   114256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              114256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  114256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            2137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                2137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               33                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       358842                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          358842                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             360979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 361012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            360979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                361012                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    228577000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     228577000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5411000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      5411000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  39041502000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  39041502000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  39270079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      39275490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  39270079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     39275490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       392309                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392309                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           33                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           33                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          2188                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2188                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             33                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       473047                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        473047                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           475235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               475268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          475235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              475268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.976691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.976691                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.758576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.758576                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.759580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.759597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.759580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.759597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106961.628451                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106961.628451                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 163969.696970                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163969.696970                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108798.585450                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108798.585450                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 163969.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108787.710642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108792.754811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 163969.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108787.710642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108792.754811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               281359                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    281359                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           2137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       358842                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       358842                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        360979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            361012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       360979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           361012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    207207000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207207000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5081000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5081000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35453052000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35453052000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35660259000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35665340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35660259000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35665340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.976691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.976691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.758576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.759580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.759597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.759580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.759597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96961.628451                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96961.628451                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 153969.696970                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153969.696970                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98798.501848                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98798.501848                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 153969.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98787.627535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98792.671712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 153969.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98787.627535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98792.671712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        722016                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       361005                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             358878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       281358                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            79646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        358875                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1083031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1083031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1083031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     41111872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     41111872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                41111872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            361012                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  361012    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              361012                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1922675000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization              12.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1907753250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             12.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       950538                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       475270                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           76                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             59                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           59                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            473082                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673668                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           33                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          162618                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            33                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       473047                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           99                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1425709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1425808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     55522944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               55527168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          361049                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  18006976                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           836317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000161                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.012704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 836182     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    135      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             836317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          867611000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             49500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         712855500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
