
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10503932758000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               96376216                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                180038607                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              237890158                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    64.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6185243120                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11554538630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          23680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9981632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10005312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         23680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9921536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9921536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1551023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653789678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655340701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1551023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1551023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649853433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649853433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649853433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1551023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653789678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1305194134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156333                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156333                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10005312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9921856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10005312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9921536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267359000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156333                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    720.415892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   557.945845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.710308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2169      7.84%      7.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2485      8.98%     16.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1819      6.58%     23.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1741      6.29%     29.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1717      6.21%     35.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1397      5.05%     40.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1326      4.79%     45.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1477      5.34%     51.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13530     48.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.148952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.099520                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.568189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             47      0.49%      0.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            92      0.95%      1.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9368     96.77%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           127      1.31%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            23      0.24%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             4      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.233809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9642     99.60%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2882411500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5813655250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18437.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37187.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142730                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140971                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49034.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99210300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52731525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               559611780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404758800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         752319360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1516450230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60223680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2097653580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       313665600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1576366680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7433107395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.863159                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11763259625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42398750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318846000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6367745875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    816850500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3121517250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4599985750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98289240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52241970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556605840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404492580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         752319360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1497580950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65908800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2071992180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       325783680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1592542560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7417884000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.866038                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11811212375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     52537250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318942000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6419011750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    848366250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3084629250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4543857625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1335967                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1335967                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7304                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1327640                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4457                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               962                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1327640                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1287234                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           40406                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5205                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351077                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1320252                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          882                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2661                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53428                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          283                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             78131                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5836024                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1335967                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1291691                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30415810                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1029                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    53253                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2128                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30502795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.664891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28801399     94.42%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40194      0.13%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42487      0.14%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  225272      0.74%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27303      0.09%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9539      0.03%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9531      0.03%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25345      0.08%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1321725      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30502795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191128                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  432021                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28588032                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   640781                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               834341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7620                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11694714                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7620                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  707825                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 280599                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17645                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1198160                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28290946                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11657621                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1465                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27999189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14836504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24670664                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13402218                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           309453                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14547943                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  288561                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               165                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5049934                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              362385                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1329277                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20599                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15299                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11590559                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                933                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11522902                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2190                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         189098                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       275797                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           806                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30502795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.256718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27378818     89.76%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             471465      1.55%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             567736      1.86%     93.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347708      1.14%     94.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             341061      1.12%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1084503      3.56%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119452      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167046      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25006      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30502795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73202     94.16%     94.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  443      0.57%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   809      1.04%     95.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  228      0.29%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2822      3.63%     99.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             235      0.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4560      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9759299     84.69%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 121      0.00%     84.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  352      0.00%     84.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              82464      0.72%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307446      2.67%     88.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1280311     11.11%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46772      0.41%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41577      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11522902                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377371                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77739                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53247585                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11570010                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11310922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             380943                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            210799                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       186408                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11403928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 192153                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2651                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25911                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          230                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14845                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          673                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7620                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  60200                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               177247                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11591492                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               362385                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1329277                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               412                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   418                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               176652                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           230                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2004                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7283                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9287                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11505793                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               350919                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1671152                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1306270                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1320233                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376811                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11500868                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11497330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8396342                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11795720                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376533                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.711813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         189317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7459                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30472248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.279621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27443706     90.06%     90.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       340149      1.12%     91.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322897      1.06%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1166530      3.83%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65378      0.21%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       748660      2.46%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72502      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22371      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290055      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30472248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5636001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11402394                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1650906                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336474                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1298869                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    182519                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11306116                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2363      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9668548     84.79%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         80212      0.70%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292156      2.56%     88.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1273436     11.17%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44318      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11402394                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               290055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41773904                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23214533                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            306                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          31894                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5636001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11402394                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.417793                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.417793                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184577                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184577                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13155518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8725605                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   286742                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144149                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6515180                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5785826                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4291474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1503078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.633942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6802183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6802183                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1159949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1159949                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1503073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1503073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1503073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1503073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154495                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154495                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    393138500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    393138500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13936456998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13936456998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14329595498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14329595498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14329595498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14329595498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1314444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1314444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1661541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1661541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1661541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1661541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98952.554745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98952.554745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90206.524470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90206.524470                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90425.798887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90425.798887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90425.798887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90425.798887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15542                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2298                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    84.010811                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         1149                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154932                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154932                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    163743500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163743500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781351998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13781351998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13945095498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13945095498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13945095498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13945095498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106534.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106534.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89207.195415                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89207.195415                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89377.887363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89377.887363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89377.887363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89377.887363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              680                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.772849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              14337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            21.083824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.772849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           213697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          213697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52393                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     65316998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65316998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     65316998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65316998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     65316998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65316998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        53253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        53253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        53253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        53253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        53253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75949.997674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75949.997674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75949.997674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75949.997674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75949.997674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75949.997674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              680                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44668000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44668000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44668000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44668000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65208.759124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65208.759124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65208.759124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65208.759124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65208.759124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65208.759124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156927                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       55.267725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.603939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16294.128336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          950                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9093                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2663967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2663967                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154932                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154932                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          680                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              680                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            311                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                311                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 311                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     367                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154463                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154463                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          370                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              370                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1500                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1500                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               370                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13549259000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13549259000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40352500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     40352500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    160968500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    160968500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40352500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13710227500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13750580000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40352500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13710227500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13750580000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154932                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154932                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          680                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          680                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154482                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154482                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          681                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            681                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1537                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1537                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543319                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.543319                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.975927                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.975927                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.543319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.543319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87718.476269                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87718.476269                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109060.810811                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109060.810811                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107312.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107312.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109060.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87906.923437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87956.989247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109060.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87906.923437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87956.989247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155023                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155023                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154463                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154463                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          370                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12004639000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12004639000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36652500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36652500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    145968500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145968500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36652500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12150607500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12187260000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36652500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12150607500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12187260000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.543319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.975927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77718.541010                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77718.541010                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99060.810811                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99060.810811                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97312.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97312.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99060.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77906.987555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77957.053213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99060.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77906.987555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77957.053213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312673                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156356                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154462                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19926784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19926784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19926784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156333                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156333    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156333                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          822177250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313408                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156700                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          112                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            662                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          662                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2222                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309955                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2991                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154482                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154482                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19900864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19987968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156931                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9921728                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313636                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002468                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049616                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312862     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    774      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313636                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1027500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234031499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
