
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4519133861000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              120698299                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                223878648                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              326011254                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5652387018                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10484398010                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12413376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12413376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        34176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           34176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         813067152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             813067152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2238503                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2238503                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2238503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        813067152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            815305655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193958                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        534                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193958                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12408448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   34048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12413312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                34176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     76                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267295000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193958                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  534                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.093561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.042026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.233172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42148     43.39%     43.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44092     45.39%     88.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9426      9.70%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1258      1.30%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          167      0.17%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5892.212121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5721.385197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1345.643730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      3.03%      3.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      3.03%      6.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            5     15.15%     21.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            4     12.12%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      3.03%     36.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            6     18.18%     54.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            5     15.15%     69.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            6     18.18%     87.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      3.03%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      6.06%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.121212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.114622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.484612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               31     93.94%     93.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      6.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4801993750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8437281250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  969410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24767.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43517.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       812.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    813.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96823                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     454                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78498.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350873880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186493890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               699141660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1106640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1635710190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24288960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5224998480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        60932160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9388854900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.963207                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11617450875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    158676750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3131034500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11458832875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                342684300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182129640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               685175820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1670400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1606275960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24461760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5209303530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        98762880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9355158690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.756129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11681392250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9420500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    257374500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3066685125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11424264000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1662010                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1662010                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            72151                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1314575                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  49799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1314575                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            705109                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          609466                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        25405                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     772350                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      62270                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       151280                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1020                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1377586                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4523                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1410233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4898850                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1662010                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            754908                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28980397                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 147170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        36634                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1373063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9317                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     13                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30503683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.322760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.432053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28610791     93.79%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   27332      0.09%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  671663      2.20%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   29657      0.10%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  133394      0.44%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   65078      0.21%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   86505      0.28%     97.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26350      0.09%     97.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  852913      2.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30503683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.054430                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.160436                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  708945                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28472209                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   934259                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               314685                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 73585                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8103106                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 73585                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  805069                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27232430                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16364                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1073955                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1302280                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7765550                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                63866                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1007838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                239520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9248432                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21525275                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10249468                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            43989                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3216873                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6031621                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           412                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1969672                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1379023                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              91010                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5663                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7342390                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4824                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5233544                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5633                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4663183                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9708378                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4824                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30503683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.171571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.763822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28406921     93.13%     93.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             807347      2.65%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             438929      1.44%     97.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             296263      0.97%     98.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             321229      1.05%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              98340      0.32%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              81752      0.27%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              30794      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22108      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30503683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  12626     71.69%     71.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1317      7.48%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3193     18.13%     97.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  317      1.80%     99.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              130      0.74%     99.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              29      0.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            19145      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4309310     82.34%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1370      0.03%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12207      0.23%     82.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              16793      0.32%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              804611     15.37%     98.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              66841      1.28%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3155      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           112      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5233544                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.171397                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      17612                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003365                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40952148                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11974627                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5007113                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              41868                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             35770                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        18513                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5210456                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  21555                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5796                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       885794                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          187                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        54843                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           60                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1259                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 73585                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25365199                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               262902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7347214                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1379023                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               91010                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18513                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                59923                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38353                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        43365                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               81718                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5135301                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               772040                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            98243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      834294                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  600918                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     62254                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.168179                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5044760                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5025626                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3727644                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5877193                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.164587                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.634256                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4663845                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            73585                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29841898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.089943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.564852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28709132     96.20%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       514896      1.73%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123971      0.42%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       329967      1.11%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64396      0.22%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        34051      0.11%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7591      0.03%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5192      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        52702      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29841898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1342927                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2684084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        529408                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       493241                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    470932                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     14404                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2669530                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6350                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4334      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2127298     79.26%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            254      0.01%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10478      0.39%     79.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12312      0.46%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         491149     18.30%     98.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         36167      1.35%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2092      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2684084                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                52702                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37137125                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15359482                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            292                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          31006                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1342927                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2684084                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.737415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.737415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043980                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043980                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5165216                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4371702                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    32696                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   16298                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3141767                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1366102                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2671806                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           245219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             359032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           245219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.464128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          844                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3435599                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3435599                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       323157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         323157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        35101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         35101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       358258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          358258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       358258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         358258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       438271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       438271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1066                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1066                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       439337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        439337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       439337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       439337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35062079500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35062079500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46189500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46189500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35108269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35108269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35108269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35108269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       761428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       761428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        36167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       797595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       797595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       797595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       797595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.575591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.575591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029474                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029474                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.550827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.550827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.550827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.550827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80000.911536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80000.911536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43329.737336                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43329.737336                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79911.933208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79911.933208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79911.933208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79911.933208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24533                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              971                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.265705                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       194118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       194118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       194118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       244160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       244160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       245219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       245219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       245219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19335765500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19335765500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44501500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44501500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19380267000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19380267000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19380267000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19380267000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.320661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.307448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.307448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79193.010731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79193.010731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42022.190746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42022.190746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79032.485248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79032.485248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79032.485248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79032.485248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5492252                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5492252                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1373063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1373063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1373063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1373063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1373063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1373063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1373063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1373063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1373063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1373063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1373063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1373063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193972                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      293936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.515353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.760418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.239582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4115068                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4115068                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2382                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2382                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               712                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   712                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         50548                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             50548                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                51260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    51260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               51260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   51260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193612                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193612                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35122500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      35122500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18409103500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18409103500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18444226000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18444226000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18444226000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18444226000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2382                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2382                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1059                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1059                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       244160                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        244160                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           245219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               245219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          245219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              245219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.327668                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.327668                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.792972                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.792972                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.790962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.790962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.790962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.790962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101217.579251                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101217.579251                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95082.450984                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95082.450984                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95093.426961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95093.426961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95093.426961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95093.426961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          347                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            347                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193612                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193612                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31652500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31652500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16472983500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16472983500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16504636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16504636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16504636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16504636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.327668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.792972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.790962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.790962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.790962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.790962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91217.579251                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91217.579251                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85082.450984                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85082.450984                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85093.426961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85093.426961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85093.426961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85093.426961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        387909                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193958                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193612                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          534                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       581868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       581868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 581868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12447552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12447552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12447552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193958    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193958                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           456771500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1048277250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       490438                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       245219                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          583                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             22                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           22                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            244160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2916                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          436275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1059                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1059                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       244160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       735657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                735657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15846464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15846464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193972                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     34176                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           439191                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 438586     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    605      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             439191                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          247601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         367828500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
