
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3480954460500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               68159168                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                126262492                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              187215926                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    81.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5558335945                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10296626802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12179328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12179328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        47744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           47744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         797737177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             797737177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3127197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3127197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3127197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        797737177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            800864374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190301                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        746                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190301                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      746                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12173056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   48256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12179264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                47744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     97                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267331500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190301                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  746                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  144215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.278285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.813314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.815351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43957     45.06%     45.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43530     44.62%     89.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8718      8.94%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1176      1.21%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          128      0.13%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4083.851064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4000.498721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    797.257691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      2.13%      2.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.13%      4.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.13%      6.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5     10.64%     17.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            5     10.64%     27.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5     10.64%     38.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      6.38%     44.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            7     14.89%     59.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            5     10.64%     70.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            7     14.89%     85.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      6.38%     91.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      4.26%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.13%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.042553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.040147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.291730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               46     97.87%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4693495250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8259820250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  951020000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24676.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43426.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       797.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    797.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92755                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     647                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79914.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                355707660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                189066900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               693365400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3690540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1640135100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24489600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5184268560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        91304160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9387336960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.863783                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11606602750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9353500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    237938500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3140726125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11369466000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                340842180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181180890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               664691160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 245340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1581098490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24541440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5213225700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       116582400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9327716640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.958695                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11736774625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9579000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    303797250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3011112250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11432995625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1747429                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1747429                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            83553                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1329280                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  67216                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10123                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1329280                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            719283                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          609997                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        30196                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     861194                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      88670                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       160716                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1403                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1397199                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5577                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1437685                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5348415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1747429                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            786499                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28909849                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 170994                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1408                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        46779                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1391622                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                11309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30483719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.353809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.501347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28461557     93.37%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   28483      0.09%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  649132      2.13%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   42005      0.14%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  142459      0.47%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   95008      0.31%     96.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   98707      0.32%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35398      0.12%     96.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  930970      3.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30483719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.057228                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.175159                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  746972                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28299375                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1021303                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               330572                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 85497                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8904061                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 85497                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  856298                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26906619                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         27772                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1163082                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1444451                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8507807                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               106034                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1047239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                344323                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10127757                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23347511                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11428890                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            61895                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3599050                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6528707                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               312                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           394                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2057264                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1455118                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             127993                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5925                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6801                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7996415                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7239                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5853601                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8376                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5005404                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9822588                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7239                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30483719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.192024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.819542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28200516     92.51%     92.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             858657      2.82%     95.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             472150      1.55%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             325232      1.07%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             330866      1.09%     99.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             124191      0.41%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             102734      0.34%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              40859      0.13%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              28514      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30483719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  18117     70.86%     70.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1890      7.39%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4943     19.33%     97.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  396      1.55%     99.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              217      0.85%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            25128      0.43%      0.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4786403     81.77%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2108      0.04%     82.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                17403      0.30%     82.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              23543      0.40%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              899147     15.36%     98.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              95166      1.63%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4693      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            10      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5853601                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.191703                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      25569                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004368                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42165891                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12958729                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5582456                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              58975                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             50334                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        25708                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5823683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  30359                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9032                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       923752                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          258                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        75844                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          102                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1136                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 85497                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24493184                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               289333                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8003654                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1455118                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              127993                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2637                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18612                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                87045                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         44125                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        52662                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               96787                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5730505                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               860719                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           123096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      949373                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  671469                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     88654                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.187672                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5633253                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5608164                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4123656                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6636721                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.183665                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.621339                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5006515                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            85495                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29760514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.100746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.609385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28531598     95.87%     95.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       543841      1.83%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       141180      0.47%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       352077      1.18%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        69000      0.23%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        39119      0.13%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9105      0.03%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7159      0.02%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        67435      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29760514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1501640                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2998250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        583515                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       531366                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    508622                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     20824                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2977219                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                9200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6239      0.21%      0.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2375300     79.22%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            368      0.01%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           15020      0.50%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         17808      0.59%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         528350     17.62%     98.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         52149      1.74%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3016      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2998250                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                67435                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37697844                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16735172                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            385                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          50970                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1501640                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2998250                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.334227                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.334227                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.049178                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.049178                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6080531                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4862184                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    45309                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   22643                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3499240                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1581264                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2906784                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           252202                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             444631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           252202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.762996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3844134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3844134                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       395773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         395773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        51066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         51066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       446839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          446839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       446839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         446839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       450061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       450061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       451144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        451144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       451144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       451144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34647462500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34647462500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     60821500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     60821500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34708284000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34708284000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34708284000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34708284000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       845834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       845834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        52149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        52149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       897983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       897983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       897983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       897983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.532091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.532091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.502397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.502397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.502397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.502397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76983.925512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76983.925512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56160.203139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56160.203139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76933.936836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76933.936836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76933.936836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76933.936836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24884                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           67                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              902                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.587583                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           67                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       198929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       198941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       198941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198941                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       251132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       251132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       252203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       252203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       252203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       252203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19078453500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19078453500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58712000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58712000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19137165500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19137165500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19137165500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19137165500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.296905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.020537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.280855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.280855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75969.822643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75969.822643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54819.794585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54819.794585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75880.007375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75880.007375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75880.007375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75880.007375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5566488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5566488                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1391622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1391622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1391622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1391622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1391622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1391622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1391622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1391622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1391622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1391622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1391622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1391622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190315                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      312533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.642188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.525150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.474850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4223579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4223579                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2405                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2405                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               570                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   570                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         61332                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             61332                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                61902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    61902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               61902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   61902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             502                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 502                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189799                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189799                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     50981500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      50981500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18026464500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18026464500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18077446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18077446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18077446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18077446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2405                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2405                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1072                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1072                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       251131                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        251131                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           252203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               252203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          252203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              252203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.468284                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.468284                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.755777                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.755777                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.754555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.754555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.754555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.754555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101556.772908                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101556.772908                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94976.604197                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94976.604197                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94993.962197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94993.962197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94993.962197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94993.962197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  746                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       746                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189799                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189799                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45961500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45961500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16128484500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16128484500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16174446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16174446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16174446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16174446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.468284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.755777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.754555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.754555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.754555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.754555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91556.772908                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91556.772908                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84976.656884                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84976.656884                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84994.014745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84994.014745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84994.014745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84994.014745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        380593                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190299                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           189546                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       570893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       570893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 570893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12226944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12226944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12226944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190301                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190301    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190301                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           449101000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1029785500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       504405                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       252200                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          470                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             26                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           21                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            251130                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3151                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          439366                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       251131                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       756607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                756607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16294848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16294848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190315                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     47744                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           442518                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033896                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 442024     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    489      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             442518                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          254607500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         378303000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
