
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10641338855125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              114327457                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                213719169                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              279935088                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6235288679                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11656000817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9952576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9978496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9906816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9906816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154794                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154794                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1697741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         651886531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             653584272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1697741                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1697741                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648889284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648889284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648889284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1697741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        651886531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1302473556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155914                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154794                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155914                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154794                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9978496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9907328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9978496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9906816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267337000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155914                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154794                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    722.919190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   562.716116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.276969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2051      7.46%      7.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2443      8.88%     16.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1958      7.12%     23.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1734      6.30%     29.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1559      5.67%     35.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1400      5.09%     40.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1478      5.37%     45.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1285      4.67%     50.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13601     49.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.127638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.076538                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.588026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             52      0.54%      0.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           101      1.04%      1.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9358     96.79%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           111      1.15%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            19      0.20%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             6      0.06%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010676                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.203582                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9630     99.61%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12      0.12%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2882375000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5805762500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  779570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18486.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37236.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       653.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    653.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142296                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140911                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49137.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98796180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52511415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               557912460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404289000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         743099760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1492849380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60815520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2100940770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       299984640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1592477880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7403677005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            484.935490                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11835261750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40389000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     314874000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6446640750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    781137000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3076819375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4607484000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97618080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51885240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               555313500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403777440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         750475440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1517676300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65682240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2078387010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       325666080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1572741120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7419222450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.953705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11735042250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318072000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6362103625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    848105500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3134361750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4557851250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1339472                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1339472                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7701                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1329427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4209                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               873                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1329427                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1287327                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           42100                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5378                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     506277                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1323404                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          862                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2645                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64588                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          366                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             90734                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6068770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1339472                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1291536                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30398187                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 250                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1792                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    64327                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2279                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.402531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.679279                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28631433     93.88%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   57195      0.19%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   61212      0.20%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  329639      1.08%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   38098      0.12%     95.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   12039      0.04%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12038      0.04%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35985      0.12%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1321446      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043867                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.198750                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  433367                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28516316                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   728484                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               812796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8122                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12200776                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8122                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  717486                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 288770                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1255796                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28213273                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12161826                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 25528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27903447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15629182                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25627211                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14037691                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           447764                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15312462                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  316720                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               191                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4858809                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              518732                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1332785                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30690                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           25723                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12090556                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                940                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 12016830                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2126                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         204251                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       296816                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           792                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.394006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.299263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27289936     89.48%     89.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             510163      1.67%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             554142      1.82%     92.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             362749      1.19%     94.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             315034      1.03%     95.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1041557      3.42%     98.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             171907      0.56%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             218003      0.71%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35594      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 106138     94.48%     94.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  651      0.58%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   963      0.86%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  239      0.21%     96.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4152      3.70%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             202      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5679      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10054697     83.67%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  89      0.00%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  330      0.00%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             121531      1.01%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              440153      3.66%     88.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1271127     10.58%     98.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69381      0.58%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53843      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              12016830                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.393547                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     112345                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009349                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54099413                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11994602                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11720833                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             547803                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            301392                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       268580                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11847123                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 276373                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2458                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28643                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          265                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15250                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          668                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8122                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  71927                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               170337                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12091496                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              954                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               518732                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1332785                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               424                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   514                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               169571                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           265                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2147                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7572                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11998606                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               506048                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18224                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1829429                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1308494                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1323381                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.392950                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11993305                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11989413                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8792455                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12145060                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.392649                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.723953                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         204557                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7938                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30466508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.390174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27386340     89.89%     89.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       390361      1.28%     91.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326514      1.07%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1135489      3.73%     95.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        68957      0.23%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       621546      2.04%     98.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       106072      0.35%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        32433      0.11%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       398796      1.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30466508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5848291                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11887245                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1807624                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       490089                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1300582                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    263468                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11744709                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3220      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9957247     83.76%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        118804      1.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         423926      3.57%     88.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1264336     10.64%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66163      0.56%     99.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53199      0.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11887245                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               398796                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42159514                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24216745                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            318                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          35603                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5848291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11887245                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.221130                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.221130                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.191529                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.191529                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13776914                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9141710                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   417259                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  213746                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6525473                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6075625                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4455287                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1522498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.786767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7435863                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7435863                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       497637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         497637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1163670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1163670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1661307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1661307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1661307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1661307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       153878                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153878                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    429577000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    429577000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13885794499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13885794499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14315371499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14315371499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14315371499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14315371499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       502526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       502526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1317548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1317548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1820074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1820074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1820074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1820074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.116791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87866.025772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87866.025772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90238.984774                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90238.984774                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90165.912935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90165.912935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90165.912935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90165.912935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17057                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          342                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              206                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    82.800971                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          114                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154289                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3198                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3198                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    178852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13731505499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13731505499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13910357499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13910357499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13910357499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13910357499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.116786                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116786                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.085474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105330.977621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105330.977621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89240.373423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89240.373423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89415.998682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89415.998682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89415.998682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89415.998682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              734                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.999590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              41665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            56.764305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.999590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          821                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           258044                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          258044                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        63427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          63427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        63427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           63427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        63427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          63427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     68954000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68954000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     68954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     68954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        64327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        64327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        64327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        64327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        64327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76615.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76615.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76615.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76615.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76615.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76615.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50069500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50069500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50069500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50069500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     50069500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50069500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68029.211957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68029.211957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68029.211957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68029.211957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 68029.211957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68029.211957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156555                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       55.758895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        35.257034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16292.984071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          832                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6958                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2657179                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2657179                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          732                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              732                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            329                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                329                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  58                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153850                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153850                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          405                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              405                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1659                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1659                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               405                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155509                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155914                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13500446500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13500446500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45487000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     45487000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    175808000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    175808000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13676254500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13721741500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13676254500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13721741500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          732                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          732                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        153869                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            153869                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          734                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            734                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1698                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1698                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.551771                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.551771                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977032                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.977032                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.551771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.551771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87750.708482                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87750.708482                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112313.580247                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112313.580247                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105972.272453                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105972.272453                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112313.580247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87945.099641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88008.398861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112313.580247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87945.099641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88008.398861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154794                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154794                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153850                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153850                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          405                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1659                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1659                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11961946500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11961946500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41437000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41437000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    159218000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159218000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12121164500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12162601500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12121164500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12162601500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.551771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.551771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.551771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.551771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77750.708482                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77750.708482                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102313.580247                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102313.580247                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95972.272453                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95972.272453                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102313.580247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77945.099641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78008.398861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102313.580247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77945.099641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78008.398861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311947                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156045                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2064                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467861                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19885312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19885312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19885312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155914    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           931814500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          820026000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312606                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156301                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          113                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            596                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          596                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2434                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3039                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           153869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1698                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                468909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        93952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19830784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19924736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156557                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9906944                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312860                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047551                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312151     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    709      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312860                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311326000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1104000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233352498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
