
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               641228453250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               22766974                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 43069035                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              245142811                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    62.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1417912788                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2682312797                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       13775168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           13781312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      3376960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         3376960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              96                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          215237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              215333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         52765                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              52765                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            402428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         902263543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             902665970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       402428                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           402428                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       221188438                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            221188438                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       221188438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           402428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        902263543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1123854408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      215331                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      52765                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    215331                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    52765                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               13779392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 3376896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                13781184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              3376960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             13095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             13982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             13242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             13397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             13582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             13615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             13452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             13245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             13383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            13227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            13223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            13521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            13730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            13181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              4033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              3397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              3383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              3409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              3122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              3072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             3072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             3072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             3389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             3222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267332000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                215331                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                52765                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  163806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   36137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    6871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   3290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   3294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   3294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   3295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   3295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   3312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   3295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   3298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   3299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   3301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   3305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   3331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   3423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        25654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    668.759336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   464.049901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   397.726916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3691     14.39%     14.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2798     10.91%     25.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1503      5.86%     31.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1182      4.61%     35.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          936      3.65%     39.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1408      5.49%     44.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1044      4.07%     48.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          835      3.25%     52.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12257     47.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        25654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      47.729040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.942051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    145.707751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           3141     95.41%     95.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           62      1.88%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           16      0.49%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           11      0.33%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      0.18%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            4      0.12%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      0.21%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            2      0.06%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      0.12%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      0.12%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      0.09%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.03%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      0.09%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            2      0.06%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            2      0.06%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.03%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.03%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.03%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      0.06%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.03%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      0.06%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      0.09%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      0.12%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      0.06%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.03%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            4      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          3292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.027947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.026123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.253465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             3250     98.72%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.06%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               31      0.94%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.24%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          3292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2853839750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6890771000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1076515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13254.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32004.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       902.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       221.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    902.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    221.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   194798                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   47618                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      56947.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    90.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 92241660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 49038990                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               772026780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              142657380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         980965440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1650020610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             56808480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2853531150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       547824960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        990528600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8135734980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            532.884758                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11481182500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     52975500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     415920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3816369000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1426637250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3297899125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6257543250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 90906480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 48317940                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               765250920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              132770700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         980350800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1633288260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             62557920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2766285240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       585041280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1026684000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8091648360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            529.997116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11521994375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     64549000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     415756000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3932266250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1523514000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3265044750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6066214125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1138605                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1138605                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             8574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1012438                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   2047                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                50                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1012438                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            539063                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          473375                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1980                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3302348                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1366885                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         8956                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1248                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     727746                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          202                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    3                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            732809                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       7448506                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1138605                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            541110                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29784025                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  17258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  22                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          887                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   727551                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1177                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30526456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.402696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.624894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28506142     93.38%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  117506      0.38%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   94778      0.31%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  198543      0.65%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   98640      0.32%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  191201      0.63%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  106288      0.35%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  304956      1.00%     97.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  908402      2.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30526456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.037289                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.243936                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  367667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28528036                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1157484                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               464640                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8629                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12079496                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8629                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  572068                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               20290092                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11288                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1381383                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              8262996                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12036887                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                35417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                696854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               5744060                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1655811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14175457                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             30727027                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        18689884                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           212483                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13062481                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 1113036                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                77                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            77                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2897817                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3011857                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1374894                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           123277                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           30609                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11984675                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                399                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 12076882                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4696                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         764215                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1331274                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           360                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30526456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.395620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.332878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26956304     88.30%     88.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             992088      3.25%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             684702      2.24%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             359884      1.18%     94.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             483259      1.58%     96.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             358695      1.18%     97.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             213829      0.70%     98.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             195307      0.64%     99.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             282388      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30526456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  67726     17.20%     17.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     17.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     17.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   56      0.01%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                255587     64.90%     82.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                70415     17.88%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                8      0.00%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              36      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            34925      0.29%      0.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              7366415     61.00%     61.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   4      0.00%     61.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   20      0.00%     61.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               2137      0.02%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3304031     27.36%     88.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1162891      9.63%     98.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            657      0.01%     98.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        205802      1.70%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              12076882                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.395514                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     393828                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.032610                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54661326                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12538012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11469891                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             417418                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            211318                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       208414                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              12227046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 208739                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          308575                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       111339                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18578                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           51                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       374272                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8629                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               16123288                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3261011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11985074                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3011857                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1374894                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18711                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3163686                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          5587                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4264                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9851                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             12064668                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3302334                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            12214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4669219                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1010433                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1366885                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.395114                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11684717                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11678305                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8552828                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12377599                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.382460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.690992                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         764245                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             39                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             8595                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30422443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.368836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.517908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27940298     91.84%     91.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       715031      2.35%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       219763      0.72%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       353556      1.16%     96.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64948      0.21%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        55350      0.18%     96.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56588      0.19%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5664      0.02%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1011245      3.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30422443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             6845217                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11220903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4256840                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2900524                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    997700                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    207680                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11187318                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1168                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        32254      0.29%      0.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         6930247     61.76%     62.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              4      0.00%     62.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     62.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          1558      0.01%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2900164     25.85%     87.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1150564     10.25%     98.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          360      0.00%     98.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       205752      1.83%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11220903                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1011245                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41396346                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24074590                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             64                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           8232                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    6845217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11220903                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              4.460733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        4.460733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.224178                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.224178                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                18779255                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9266068                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   210176                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    2371                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4659615                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 4436301                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                6778262                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           230538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3785868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           230538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            16.421883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16116546                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16116546                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2272512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2272512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1305513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1305513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      3578025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3578025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      3578025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3578025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       342674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       342674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        50803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        50803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       393477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        393477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       393477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       393477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28544935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28544935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3403677000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3403677000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31948612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31948612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31948612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31948612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2615186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2615186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1356316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1356316                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      3971502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3971502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      3971502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3971502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.131032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037457                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037457                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83300.556797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83300.556797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66997.559199                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66997.559199                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81195.627699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81195.627699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81195.627699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81195.627699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1312152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            32211                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.736146                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        67271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            67271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       162942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       162942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       162942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       162942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       162942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       162942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       179732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       179732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        50803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        50803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       230535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       230535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15049627000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15049627000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3352874000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3352874000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18402501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18402501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18402501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18402501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.068726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037457                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037457                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83733.709078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83733.709078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65997.559199                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65997.559199                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79825.193571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79825.193571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79825.193571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79825.193571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               99                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           38737687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               99                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         391289.767677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2910303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2910303                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       727416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         727416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       727416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          727416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       727416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         727416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12954500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12954500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12954500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12954500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12954500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12954500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       727551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       727551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       727551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       727551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       727551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       727551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95959.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95959.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95959.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95959.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95959.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95959.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9391500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9391500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9391500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9391500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9391500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9391500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94863.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94863.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94863.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94863.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94863.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94863.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    215442                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      246097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    215442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.142289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        8.661437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         7.310041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16368.028522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1071                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10595                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4596                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3905610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3905610                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        67271                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            67271                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           99                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               99                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             13941                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 13941                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1360                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1360                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                15301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    15304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               15301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   15304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           36862                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               36862                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           96                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               96                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       178372                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          178372                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             215234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 215330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                96                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            215234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                215330                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3130289000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3130289000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9209500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      9209500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14765292500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14765292500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17895581500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17904791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17895581500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17904791000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        67271                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        67271                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           99                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           99                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         50803                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             50803                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             99                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       179732                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        179732                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               99                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           230535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               230634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              99                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          230535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              230634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.725587                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.725587                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992433                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.992433                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.933628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.933644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.933628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.933644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84919.130812                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84919.130812                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95932.291667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95932.291667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82778.084565                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82778.084565                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95932.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83144.770343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83150.471370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95932.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83144.770343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83150.471370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                52765                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     52765                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        36862                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          36862                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           96                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       178372                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       178372                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        215234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            215330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       215234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           215330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2761669000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2761669000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8249500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8249500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12981542500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12981542500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8249500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15743211500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15751461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8249500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15743211500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15751461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.725587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.725587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.933644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.933644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74919.130812                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74919.130812                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85932.291667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85932.291667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72777.916377                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72777.916377                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85932.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73144.630960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73150.332048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85932.291667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73144.630960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73150.332048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        430674                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       215343                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             178471                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        52765                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           162578                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             36862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            36862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        178469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       646007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       646007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 646007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     17158272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     17158272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17158272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            215331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  215331    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              215331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           708143000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1132219250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       461271                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       230637                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            106                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          106                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            179834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       120036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           99                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          325944                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            50803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           50803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            99                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       179732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       691611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                691908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19059776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19072448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          215442                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   3376960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           446076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.015413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 445970     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    106      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             446076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          298005500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            148999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         345807000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
