
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               259544850125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1510328                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2847583                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               39138991                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   390.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   589148780                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1110785804                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         257856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             257856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       208064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          208064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16889382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16889382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13628042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13628042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13628042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16889382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             30517423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4030                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3251                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4030                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3251                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 257856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  208256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  257920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               208064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267800500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4030                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3251                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    101.270752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.388728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   141.539234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4069     88.42%     88.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          233      5.06%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           78      1.69%     95.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           59      1.28%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           43      0.93%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           32      0.70%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      0.59%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           38      0.83%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           23      0.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      22.181319                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.739570                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      5.098487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             2      1.10%      1.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            53     29.12%     30.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            58     31.87%     62.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            20     10.99%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            16      8.79%     81.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            13      7.14%     89.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             5      2.75%     91.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             7      3.85%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             3      1.65%     97.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             2      1.10%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.55%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             1      0.55%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.879121                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.872658                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.466210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               10      5.49%      5.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      1.10%      6.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              170     93.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    295168250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               370712000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     73242.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4998.76                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                91988.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       71                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2609                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2096937.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    36.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 13516020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7183935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                11509680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7527240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         998175360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            380749740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             51347520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2455143330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1713576000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1208227020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6848232345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            448.554266                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14295920000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     96648125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     423783750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4449296000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4462532500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     450992250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5384091500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 19349400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 10280655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                17257380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9458640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1119874080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            437387790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             42723360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3144028800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1870552800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        685573500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7357344405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            481.900738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14194868250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     63920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     474914000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2428967500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4871436000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     533292750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6894813875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13244341                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13244341                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1054928                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11051064                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 977815                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            209270                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11051064                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3722737                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7328327                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       750160                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10045802                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7602589                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       125401                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        35921                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9035956                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15346                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   25                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9737241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59758180                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13244341                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4700552                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19654602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2127648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        70277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  9020610                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               261119                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.743034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.573343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12292914     40.26%     40.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  853915      2.80%     43.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1259547      4.13%     47.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1436117      4.70%     51.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1126386      3.69%     55.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1144242      3.75%     59.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1041196      3.41%     62.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  904756      2.96%     65.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10475350     34.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433747                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.957059                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8669843                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4122581                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15750441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               927734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1063824                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108936567                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1063824                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9415577                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3167208                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16595                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15866667                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1004552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             104017825                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 51636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    74                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                893822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110758794                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261956118                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156268800                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3300221                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69983918                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                40774893                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1064                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1371                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   928714                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11890450                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8947437                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           493709                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          196625                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93984465                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              55716                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 84140581                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           428733                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28541813                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41349613                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         55691                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.755598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.517219                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9528340     31.21%     31.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2878355      9.43%     40.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3141002     10.29%     50.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3136691     10.27%     61.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3211906     10.52%     71.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2812650      9.21%     80.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3146985     10.31%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1650587      5.41%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1027907      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 804209     72.90%     72.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14992      1.36%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                104345      9.46%     83.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                90505      8.20%     91.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              795      0.07%     91.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           88324      8.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           509282      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63764532     75.78%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               78657      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                89694      0.11%     76.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1206757      1.43%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10154716     12.07%     90.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7641852      9.08%     99.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         414317      0.49%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        280774      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              84140581                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.755574                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1103170                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013111                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         196285443                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119331662                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78712655                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            4062050                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3251393                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1846273                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82684053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2050416                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1280501                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4053835                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10898                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2612                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2513156                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           94                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1063824                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3227403                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  646                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           94040181                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            17248                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11890450                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8947437                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             19776                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    98                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  595                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2612                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        300051                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1094106                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1394157                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81653719                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10038823                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2486867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17634535                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8851567                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7595712                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.674130                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      81132065                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80558928                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56295516                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88274154                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.638276                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637735                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28542225                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             25                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1063167                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26244548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.495695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.745011                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9135187     34.81%     34.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3845521     14.65%     49.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2672240     10.18%     59.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3637518     13.86%     73.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1147278      4.37%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1166956      4.45%     82.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       834401      3.18%     85.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       478046      1.82%     87.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3327401     12.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26244548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34584042                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65498383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14270901                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7836618                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7607974                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1335999                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64494801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              474598                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       266075      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49818736     76.06%     76.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55704      0.09%     76.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77763      0.12%     76.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1009204      1.54%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7554280     11.53%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6434283      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       282338      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65498383                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3327401                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116957755                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  192454748                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             25                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            265                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34584042                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65498383                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.882913                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.882913                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.132615                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.132615                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               118208538                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63070955                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2604855                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1289016                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41201939                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21587147                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35806051                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5020                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            4432813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5020                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           883.030478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60314272                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60314272                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8636150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8636150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6434049                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6434049                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15070199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15070199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15070199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15070199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3444                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3444                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    155481500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155481500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    513886000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    513886000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    669367500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    669367500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    669367500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    669367500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8639820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8639820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6437493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6437493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15077313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15077313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15077313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15077313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42365.531335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42365.531335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 149211.962834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149211.962834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94091.579983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94091.579983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94091.579983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94091.579983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2092                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2092                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     85910500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85910500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    509378000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    509378000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    595288500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    595288500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    595288500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    595288500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54031.761006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54031.761006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 148420.163170                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148420.163170                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 118536.140980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118536.140980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 118536.140980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118536.140980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1086                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             301784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           277.885820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         36083527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        36083527                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      9019487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9019487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      9019487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         9019487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      9019487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        9019487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      9020610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9020610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      9020610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      9020610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      9020610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      9020610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12723.953695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12723.953695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12723.953695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12723.953695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12723.953695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12723.953695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11992.640294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11992.640294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11992.640294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11992.640294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11992.640294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11992.640294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4033                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.361270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       42.363566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst               25                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16316.636434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    101585                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   101585                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3854                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3854                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1086                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1086                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1086                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1086                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           982                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               982                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1086                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 991                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3423                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3423                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          607                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             607                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    504194000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     504194000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     73055500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     73055500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    577249500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        577249500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    577249500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       577249500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3854                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3854                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1086                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1086                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3432                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1086                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1086                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1589                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1589                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997378                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997378                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.382001                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.382001                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.802629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.659898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.802629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.659898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 147295.939235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147295.939235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120355.024712                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120355.024712                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143238.089330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143238.089330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143238.089330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143238.089330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           15                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            15                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          607                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          607                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    469974000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    469974000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66985500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66985500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    536959500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    536959500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    536959500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    536959500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.382001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.382001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.802629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.659898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.802629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.659898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137298.860649                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137298.860649                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110355.024712                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110355.024712                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133240.570720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133240.570720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133240.570720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133240.570720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8050                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4020                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              768                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       465920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       465920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  465920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4031                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4031    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4031                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22056500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22212000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12215                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6107                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           22                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             29                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           29                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1086                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1948                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3432                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1087                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       139008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       567936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 706944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4034                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    208128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.005127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.071424                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10090     99.49%     99.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     52      0.51%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11047500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1630500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7530500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
