
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3893172751875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              128381433                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                237950425                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              350168915                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    43.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5597420856                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10374622737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12071232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12071232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        40832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           40832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          188613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              188613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         790656967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             790656967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2674466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2674466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2674466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        790656967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            793331433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      188610                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        638                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    188610                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      638                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12065664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   40960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12071040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                40832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     84                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267264500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                188610                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  638                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   40763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.981575                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.580489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.450369                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43898     45.31%     45.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43053     44.44%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8640      8.92%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1098      1.13%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          142      0.15%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4735.200000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4625.176110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1037.189279                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      2.50%      2.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.50%      5.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.50%      7.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      7.50%     15.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4     10.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      7.50%     32.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            7     17.50%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      7.50%     57.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            6     15.00%     72.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      7.50%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.50%     82.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            4     10.00%     92.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.50%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.50%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      2.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               40    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4665274250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8200136750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  942630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24746.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43496.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       790.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    790.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    91753                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     548                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80673.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345390360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183605895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               674508660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1258020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1613785710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24636960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5196773790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       102795360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     614640.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9349324005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.373962                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11663293000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10153750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509903875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       189250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    267511750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3083993500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11395592000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346225740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184042320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               671566980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2082780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1206538320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1608421440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24660960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5176923540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       123702240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     1305780.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9345562590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.127592                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11676077000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10212500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510392000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF       634500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    322181750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3070500750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11353422625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1293685                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1293685                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            56887                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1005194                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  47648                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7243                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1005194                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            543251                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          461943                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        23146                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     697632                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      70982                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       153957                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1152                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1053451                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3975                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1080756                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3948562                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1293685                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            590899                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29303109                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 116454                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        36600                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1049476                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8398                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30482681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.261200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.290556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28959225     95.00%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   21617      0.07%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  505611      1.66%     96.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   34515      0.11%     96.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  115734      0.38%     97.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   65567      0.22%     97.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   91684      0.30%     97.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25009      0.08%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  663719      2.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30482681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042368                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.129314                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  534678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28885159                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   705175                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               299442                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 58227                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6737359                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 58227                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  628685                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27722633                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16346                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   840436                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1216354                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6467836                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                57820                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1023805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                121162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7723499                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17785448                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8673021                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            54157                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3296669                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4426877                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           313                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1897977                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1090340                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             101160                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5789                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5879                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6107623                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5830                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4661625                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8700                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3385734                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6598784                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5830                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30482681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.152927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.716981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28538785     93.62%     93.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             804697      2.64%     96.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             415387      1.36%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             284354      0.93%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             223891      0.73%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              89445      0.29%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              73678      0.24%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              31317      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              21127      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30482681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  15061     70.26%     70.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1553      7.24%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4190     19.55%     97.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  326      1.52%     98.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              282      1.32%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              24      0.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18763      0.40%      0.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3801542     81.55%     81.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1675      0.04%     81.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                14994      0.32%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              19820      0.43%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              724274     15.54%     98.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              75928      1.63%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4554      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            75      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4661625                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.152667                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      21436                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004598                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39785036                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9453204                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4469034                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              51031                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             45986                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        22006                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4637985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  26313                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6837                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       610173                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          181                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        58164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           47                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          813                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 58227                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25800352                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               241947                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6113453                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4028                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1090340                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              101160                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2102                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13521                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                33062                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         28765                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        37975                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               66740                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4574990                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               697230                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            86635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      768192                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  579247                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     70962                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.149829                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4509764                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4491040                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3185447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5343941                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.147080                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.596086                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3386137                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            58225                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29996695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.090935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.564488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28834329     96.13%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       516847      1.72%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       146552      0.49%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       356985      1.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46455      0.15%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27819      0.09%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7150      0.02%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5427      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        55131      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29996695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1368714                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2727758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        523166                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       480170                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    466486                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     17690                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2710033                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7600                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5343      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2170745     79.58%     79.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            304      0.01%     79.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           13164      0.48%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         15036      0.55%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         477516     17.51%     98.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         42996      1.58%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2654      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2727758                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                55131                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36055459                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12715672                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            382                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          52007                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1368714                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2727758                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.309035                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.309035                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044825                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044825                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5027901                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3853020                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    38656                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19317                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3086866                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1370032                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2331560                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           242944                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             306210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           242944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.260414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3157472                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3157472                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       264981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         264981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        41955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         41955                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       306936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          306936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       306936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         306936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       420655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       420655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1041                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1041                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       421696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        421696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       421696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       421696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33141522000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33141522000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51218000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51218000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33192740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33192740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33192740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33192740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       685636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       685636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        42996                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        42996                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       728632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       728632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       728632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       728632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.613525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.613525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024212                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.578750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.578750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.578750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.578750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78785.517823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78785.517823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49200.768492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49200.768492                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78712.484823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78712.484823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78712.484823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78712.484823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18261                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.484483                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       178749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       178749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       178754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       178754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       178754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       178754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       241906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       242942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       242942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18853171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18853171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49709500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49709500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18902880500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18902880500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18902880500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18902880500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.352820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024095                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024095                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77935.937926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77935.937926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47982.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47982.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77808.203193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77808.203193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77808.203193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77808.203193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4197904                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4197904                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1049476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1049476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1049476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1049476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1049476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1049476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1049476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1049476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1049476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1049476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1049476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1049476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    188616                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      300884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    188616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.595220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.914390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.085610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1049                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9709                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4073304                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4073304                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2450                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2450                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   626                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         53705                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             53705                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                54331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    54331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               54331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   54331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             410                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 410                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       188201                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          188201                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             188611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 188611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            188611                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                188611                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41328500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      41328500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17895685000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17895685000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17937013500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17937013500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17937013500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17937013500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2450                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2450                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1036                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1036                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       241906                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        241906                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           242942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               242942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          242942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              242942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.395753                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.395753                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777992                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.777992                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.776362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.776362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.776362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.776362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100801.219512                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100801.219512                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95088.150435                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95088.150435                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95100.569426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95100.569426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95100.569426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95100.569426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  638                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       638                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             6                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          410                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            410                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188201                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       188201                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        188611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            188611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           188611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37228500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37228500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16013655000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16013655000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16050883500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16050883500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16050883500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16050883500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.395753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.776362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.776362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.776362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.776362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90801.219512                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90801.219512                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85088.044166                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85088.044166                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85100.463388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85100.463388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85100.463388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85100.463388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        377214                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       188613                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             188203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          638                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           187966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              410                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        188200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       565827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       565827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 565827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12112064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12112064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12112064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            188610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  188610    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              188610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           447654500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1020893250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       485886                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       242944                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          536                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             18                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            241908                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          428472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       241906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       728830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                728830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15705216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15705216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          188616                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     40832                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           431558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036000                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 431004     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    552      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             431558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          245393000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         364416000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
