
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10137516499000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              145556285                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                271449481                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              365505970                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    41.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6079944675                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11338559092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12606336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12606336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           291                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                291                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         825705892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             825705892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1219859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1219859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1219859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        825705892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            826925751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196975                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        291                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196975                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      291                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12603584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12606400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     43                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267379500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196975                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  291                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.647279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.501755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.094750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41016     42.13%     42.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45191     46.41%     88.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9635      9.90%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1345      1.38%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          152      0.16%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11117.888889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10880.658063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2404.212673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.56%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.56%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2     11.11%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     11.11%     38.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2     11.11%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.56%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            4     22.22%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.111111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.105039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.471405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17     94.44%     94.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      5.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4778781750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8471238000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  984655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24266.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43016.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       825.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    825.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99613                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     252                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77394.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347489520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184721625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               703447080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1398960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1641719130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24468480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5175488850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        97457280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9381499965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.481464                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11604056125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9498000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509658250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    253783250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3144131750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11350272875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347632320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184770960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               702640260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 114840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1640473680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24638400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5170213500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       102706560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9378499560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.284939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11605869375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9774000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    267663000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3141485500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11338561625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1278366                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1278366                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            53214                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              973575                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  39880                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7589                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         973575                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            542913                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          430662                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        15217                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     637390                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      41090                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135807                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          664                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1071082                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6011                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1093787                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3740853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1278366                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            582793                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29279459                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 110726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3460                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        49871                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1065071                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5030                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30483451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.246805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.253541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29019650     95.20%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   15014      0.05%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  534942      1.75%     97.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   21228      0.07%     97.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  108822      0.36%     97.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   52611      0.17%     97.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   76669      0.25%     97.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   19592      0.06%     97.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  634923      2.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30483451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041866                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.122512                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  525709                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28969687                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   656317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               276375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 55363                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6141076                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 55363                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  606126                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27667976                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12698                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   781169                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1360119                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5891701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                83649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                972531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                356656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   382                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7014017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             16377942                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7716868                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            26266                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2577813                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4436203                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               142                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1811163                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1079176                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              59310                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2636                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3275                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5618567                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2866                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4085412                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3657                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3468192                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7052627                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2866                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30483451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.134021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.657051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28733072     94.26%     94.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             730282      2.40%     96.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             379219      1.24%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             257379      0.84%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             229005      0.75%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              64846      0.21%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              57310      0.19%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18259      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14079      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30483451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7196     64.71%     64.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  776      6.98%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2853     25.65%     97.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  194      1.74%     99.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               68      0.61%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              34      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            15199      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3347671     81.94%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 836      0.02%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6216      0.15%     82.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9721      0.24%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              660016     16.16%     98.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              44019      1.08%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1598      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           136      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4085412                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.133796                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11121                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38645049                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9066695                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3928949                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              24004                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             22934                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10508                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4068989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12345                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3164                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       664793                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          102                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        41435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1148                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 55363                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25681859                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               280760                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5621433                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1079176                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               59310                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1051                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13125                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                86906                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30807                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30141                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               60948                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4020266                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               637240                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            65146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      678320                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  496128                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     41080                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.131662                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3952623                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3939457                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2835115                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4539898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.129016                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.624489                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3468916                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            55360                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29984239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.071812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.477185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29008144     96.74%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       457835      1.53%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110852      0.37%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       304556      1.02%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46602      0.16%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22122      0.07%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3598      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2812      0.01%     99.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27718      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29984239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1077221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2153241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        432258                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       414383                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    396163                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7200                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2146047                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3150                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2106      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1707585     79.30%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            126      0.01%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5022      0.23%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6144      0.29%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         413327     19.20%     99.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         17875      0.83%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1056      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2153241                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                27718                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35578678                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   11744587                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            383                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          51238                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1077221                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2153241                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.345798                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.345798                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035279                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035279                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4083246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3404345                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18769                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9321                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2596926                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1101877                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2134334                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           223925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             253177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           223925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.130633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          814                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2819837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2819837                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       236668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         236668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       253803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          253803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       253803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         253803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       394435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       394435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       395175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        395175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       395175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       395175                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34197852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34197852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24596998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24596998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34222448998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34222448998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34222448998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34222448998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       631103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       631103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        17875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       648978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       648978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       648978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       648978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.624993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.624993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.608919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.608919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.608919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.608919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86700.855654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86700.855654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33239.186486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33239.186486                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86600.743969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86600.743969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86600.743969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86600.743969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14869                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              674                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.060831                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       171247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       171251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       171251                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       223188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       223924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       223924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19259833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19259833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23586998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23586998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19283419998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19283419998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19283419998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19283419998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041175                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041175                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.345041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.345041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86294.213847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86294.213847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32047.551630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32047.551630                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86115.914319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86115.914319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86115.914319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86115.914319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4260284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4260284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1065071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1065071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1065071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1065071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1065071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1065071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1065071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1065071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1065071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1065071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1065071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1065071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196982                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      250304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196982                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.270695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.013143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.986857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3777830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3777830                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1839                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1839                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         26383                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             26383                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                26949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    26949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               26949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   26949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             170                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 170                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196805                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196805                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16276000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      16276000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18623330000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18623330000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18639606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18639606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18639606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18639606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1839                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1839                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223188                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        223188                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           223924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               223924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          223924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              223924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.230978                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.230978                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.881790                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.881790                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.879651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.879651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.879651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.879651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95741.176471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95741.176471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94628.337695                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94628.337695                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94629.298134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94629.298134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94629.298134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94629.298134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  291                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       291                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          170                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            170                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196805                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196805                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14576000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14576000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16655270000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16655270000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16669846000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16669846000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16669846000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16669846000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.230978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.881790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881790                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.879651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.879651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.879651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.879651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85741.176471                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85741.176471                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84628.286883                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84628.286883                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84629.247366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84629.247366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84629.247366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84629.247366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        393944                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196976                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196678                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       590919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       590919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 590919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12625024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12625024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12625024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196975                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196975    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196975                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           465769000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1064067500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       447849                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       223925                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          466                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            223189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2130                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          418777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       223188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       671774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                671774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14448896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14448896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196982                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18624                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           420906                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001140                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 420427     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    478      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             420906                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          225763500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         335887500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
