
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7190919082875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               77937369                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                144963688                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              202917529                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    75.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5863939649                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10906943776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12580032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12580160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        23040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           23040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         823982999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             823991383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1509103                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1509103                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1509103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        823982999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            825500486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196566                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        360                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196566                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      360                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12577088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   22528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12580224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                23040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     49                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267411500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196566                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  360                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.719045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.330970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.978846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41251     42.47%     42.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44568     45.88%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9672      9.96%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1442      1.48%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          171      0.18%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean           8802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8644.920001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1740.933001                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.55%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      9.09%     13.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     13.64%     27.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      4.55%     31.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            6     27.27%     59.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      4.55%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     13.64%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.55%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      9.09%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.55%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      4.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               22    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4766669250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8451363000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  982585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24255.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43005.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       823.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    824.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99443                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     299                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77528.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348553380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185260515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               707845320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 788220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1644010530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24444960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5150326200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       116668800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9383206965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.593271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11599092000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9462500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    303991000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3148929625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11295101000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344933400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183359220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               695278920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1049220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1625289450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24661440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5207431080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        84129120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9371440890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.822602                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11637125250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    218760375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3109678500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11419085250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1483557                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1483557                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            66358                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1182279                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  47478                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8415                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1182279                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            620562                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          561717                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        20774                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     715992                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      50519                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       140627                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          745                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1199585                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7842                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1227350                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4395835                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1483557                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            668040                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29075137                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 137978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        72002                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1191744                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6621                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30448993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.291078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.362281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28754569     94.44%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   20150      0.07%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  585323      1.92%     96.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   27978      0.09%     96.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  120290      0.40%     96.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   75859      0.25%     97.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   82679      0.27%     97.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25381      0.08%     97.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  756764      2.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30448993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.048586                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.143962                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  619906                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28662705                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   801528                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               295865                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 68989                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7199726                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 68989                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  709998                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27307762                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15474                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   931402                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1415368                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6890479                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               108535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                993853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                384401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                    65                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8210828                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19063575                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9089130                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            35026                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2783009                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5427769                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               257                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           299                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1915808                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1236182                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              76308                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3789                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4484                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6541497                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4470                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4710293                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5875                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4225899                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8441724                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4470                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30448993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.154695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.716819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28503905     93.61%     93.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             779826      2.56%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             411819      1.35%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             278436      0.91%     98.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             276167      0.91%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              85177      0.28%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              71868      0.24%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              24600      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17195      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30448993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9611     62.29%     62.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     62.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     62.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  992      6.43%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     68.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4383     28.41%     97.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  246      1.59%     98.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              171      1.11%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              26      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            19026      0.40%      0.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3864647     82.05%     82.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1271      0.03%     82.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8043      0.17%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12281      0.26%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              747552     15.87%     98.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              54769      1.16%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2613      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            91      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4710293                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.154260                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      15429                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003276                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39859507                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10740589                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4509740                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              31376                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             31280                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13239                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4690509                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  16187                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4036                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       796436                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          148                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        53348                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           37                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1120                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 68989                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25056406                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               293666                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6545967                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5459                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1236182                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               76308                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1654                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18225                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                97405                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35964                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        40366                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               76330                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4622540                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               715762                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            87753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      766273                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  550087                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     50511                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.151387                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4540380                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4522979                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3310326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5248335                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.148126                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.630738                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4226982                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            68986                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29841239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.077746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.506389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28814541     96.56%     96.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       478033      1.60%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       113848      0.38%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       310176      1.04%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55111      0.18%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26690      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4653      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3531      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34656      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29841239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1161472                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2320034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        462706                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       439746                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    419133                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9252                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2310718                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2776      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1839764     79.30%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            162      0.01%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6730      0.29%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7896      0.34%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         438390     18.90%     98.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         22960      0.99%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1356      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2320034                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                34656                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36353599                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13703219                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            648                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          85695                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1161472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2320034                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.289646                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.289646                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038038                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038038                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4677076                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3926587                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    23621                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11763                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2861536                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1255040                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2416981                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           232133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             318260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           232133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.371024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3156357                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3156357                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       293451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         293451                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        22122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         22122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       315573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          315573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       315573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         315573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       414645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       414645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       415483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        415483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       415483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       415483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34820765500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34820765500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30594499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30594499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34851359999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34851359999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34851359999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34851359999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       708096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       708096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        22960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22960                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       731056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       731056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       731056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       731056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.585577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.585577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036498                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036498                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.568333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.568333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.568333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.568333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83977.295036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83977.295036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36508.948687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36508.948687                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83881.554718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83881.554718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83881.554718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83881.554718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18749                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              833                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.507803                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2041                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       183344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       183350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       183350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       183350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       232133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       232133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19314369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19314369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29159999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29159999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19343528999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19343528999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19343528999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19343528999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.326652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036237                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036237                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83503.179839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83503.179839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35048.075721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35048.075721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83329.509372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83329.509372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83329.509372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83329.509372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 20                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   10                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4766978                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4766978                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1191742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1191742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1191742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1191742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1191742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1191742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       192500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       192500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       192500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       192500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       192500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       192500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1191744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1191744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1191744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1191744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1191744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        96250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        96250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        96250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       190500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       190500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       190500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       190500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       190500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       190500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196574                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      265996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.353160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.045536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.144174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.810290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10756                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3908574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3908574                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2041                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               618                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   618                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         34952                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             34952                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                35570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    35570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               35570                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   35570                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196349                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196349                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196563                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21144000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      21144000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       187500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18574223500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18574223500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18595367500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18595555000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18595367500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18595555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2041                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       231301                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        231301                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           232133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               232135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          232133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              232135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.257212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.257212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.848890                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.848890                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.846769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.846770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.846769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.846770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98803.738318                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98803.738318                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        93750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94598.004064                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94598.004064                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94602.582887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94602.574212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94602.582887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94602.574212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  360                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       360                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            214                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196349                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196349                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19004000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19004000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       167500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       167500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16610733500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16610733500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       167500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16629737500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16629905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       167500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16629737500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16629905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.257212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.848890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.848890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.846769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.846770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.846769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.846770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88803.738318                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88803.738318                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84598.004064                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84598.004064                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84602.582887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84602.574212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84602.582887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84602.574212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        393126                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196565                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       589691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       589691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 589691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12603200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12603200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12603200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196566    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           463875500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1061867000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       464270                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       232135                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          508                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            231303                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          426306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              832                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             832                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       231301                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       696399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                696405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14987136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14987392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196574                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     23040                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           428709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001220                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034906                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 428186     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    523      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             428709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          234178000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         348199500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
