
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2854993351375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               94917184                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                175658785                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              264022687                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    57.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5488668071                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10157622339                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11372864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11372928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        84480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           84480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          177701                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              177702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         744914368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             744918560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5533379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5533379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5533379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        744914368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            750451939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      177702                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1320                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    177702                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1320                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11359424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   13504                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   84224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11372928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                84480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    211                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267313000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                177702                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1320                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  135458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   38931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    118.799813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.468433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.274569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47903     49.73%     49.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40076     41.60%     91.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7256      7.53%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          905      0.94%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          111      0.12%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           31      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           82                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2162.182927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2090.231928                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    540.813199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      1.22%      1.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      3.66%      4.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      2.44%      7.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            3      3.66%     10.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      1.22%     12.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      2.44%     14.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            5      6.10%     20.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            8      9.76%     30.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            5      6.10%     36.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175           15     18.29%     54.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            7      8.54%     63.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            5      6.10%     69.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            7      8.54%     78.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            5      6.10%     84.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            4      4.88%     89.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            3      3.66%     92.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            2      2.44%     95.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            2      2.44%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      1.22%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      1.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            82                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           82                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.048780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.046030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.310413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               80     97.56%     97.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      2.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            82                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4464585750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7792542000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  887455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25153.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43903.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       744.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         5.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    744.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    81368                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1118                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 45.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      85281.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                354815160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                188588730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               653909760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5997780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1595502390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24652320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5223436110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        95744160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9347955450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.284322                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11704440500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9634500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    249512500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3043356500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11454980625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                332916780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                176964645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               613375980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 871740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1503801930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24707520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5277966870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       127056960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9262971465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            606.717933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11905931500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9741000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509670625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    330889500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2842001000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11575042000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2415106                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2415106                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           136746                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1967752                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 119231                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             18029                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1967752                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            945114                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1022638                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        59289                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1222797                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     168587                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       197841                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2808                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1827205                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        11670                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1892628                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       7728954                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2415106                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1064345                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28308763                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 281010                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3213                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        96920                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1815535                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                23041                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30444654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.513285                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.798964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27609480     90.69%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   56200      0.18%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  779927      2.56%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   78531      0.26%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  200614      0.66%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  151469      0.50%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  135454      0.44%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   61205      0.20%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1371774      4.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30444654                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.079094                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.253120                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1091081                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27228378                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1574129                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               410561                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                140505                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              13094088                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                140505                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1248627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25708032                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         40872                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1735894                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1570724                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12459433                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               123038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1152535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                331806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14784783                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             33701389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        17099722                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           117375                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              5096252                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 9688599                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           773                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2399324                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2010461                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             243953                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             9027                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           10823                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11552783                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              13039                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  8574068                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            17116                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7338347                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13628610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         13039                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30444654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.281628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.015043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27339276     89.80%     89.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1058536      3.48%     93.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             619180      2.03%     95.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             436696      1.43%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             471467      1.55%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             216807      0.71%     99.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             173026      0.57%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              78303      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              51363      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30444654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  34368     72.86%     72.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3539      7.50%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  7929     16.81%     97.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  823      1.74%     98.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              506      1.07%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            47366      0.55%      0.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6962668     81.21%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                4071      0.05%     81.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                34465      0.40%     82.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              44055      0.51%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1290657     15.05%     97.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             181116      2.11%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           9657      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            13      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               8574068                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.280798                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      47172                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005502                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          47545081                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         18807862                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8097483                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             111992                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             96310                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        48816                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               8516097                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  57777                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           14966                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1313149                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          595                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       143212                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          139                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1645                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                140505                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               22641790                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               305525                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11565822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             9086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2010461                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              243953                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4732                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 27683                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                88473                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         64595                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        97211                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              161806                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              8346115                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1221906                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           227948                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1390447                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  943931                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    168541                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.273332                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       8196348                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      8146299                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  6055593                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  9808916                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.266788                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.617356                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7339593                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           140503                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29363433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.143973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.751504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27731737     94.44%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       687802      2.34%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       194685      0.66%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       440025      1.50%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       100676      0.34%     99.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        63190      0.22%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18847      0.06%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13205      0.04%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       113266      0.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29363433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2119502                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               4227546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        798067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       697326                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    672020                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     40716                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4186568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               17775                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        12238      0.29%      0.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3352047     79.29%     79.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            711      0.02%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           29755      0.70%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         34728      0.82%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         691338     16.35%     97.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        100741      2.38%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         5988      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          4227546                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               113266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    40817306                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24220734                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            793                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          90034                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2119502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4227546                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             14.406539                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       14.406539                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.069413                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.069413                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 9240094                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                7066675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    85628                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   42827                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4859655                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2331224                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4078522                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           298117                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             747346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           298117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.506888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          839                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5484437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5484437                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       657906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         657906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        99457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         99457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       757363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          757363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       757363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         757363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       537933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       537933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       539217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        539217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       539217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       539217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34613216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34613216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    106114500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    106114500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34719330500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34719330500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34719330500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34719330500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1195839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       100741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1296580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1296580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1296580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1296580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.449837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.449837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012746                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012746                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.415876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.415876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.415876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.415876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64344.845919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64344.845919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82643.691589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82643.691589                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64388.419690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64388.419690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64388.419690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64388.419690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        41068                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1336                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.739521                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       241084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       241084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       241101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       241101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       241101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       241101                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       296849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       296849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       298116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       298116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       298116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       298116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18606109500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18606109500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    102937000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102937000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18709046500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18709046500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18709046500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18709046500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.248235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012577                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012577                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.229925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.229925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62678.700282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62678.700282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81244.672455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81244.672455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62757.606100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62757.606100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62757.606100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62757.606100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7262141                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7262141                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1815534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1815534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1815534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1815534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1815534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1815534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        92500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total        92500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total        92500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1815535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1815535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1815535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1815535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1815535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1815535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    177738                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      409500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    177738                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.303953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.088835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.082317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.828848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8900                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4947066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4947066                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               301                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   301                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        120114                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            120114                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               120415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   120415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              120415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  120415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             966                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 966                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       176735                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          176735                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             177701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 177702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            177701                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                177702                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     97736000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      97736000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16855708500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16855708500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16953444500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16953534500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16953444500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16953534500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       296849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        296849                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           298116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               298117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          298116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              298117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.762431                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.762431                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.595370                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.595370                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.596080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.596081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.596080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.596081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101175.983437                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101175.983437                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95372.781283                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95372.781283                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95404.328057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95404.297644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95404.328057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95404.297644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1320                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1320                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           49                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            49                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          966                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            966                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       176735                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       176735                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        177701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            177702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       177701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           177702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     88076000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88076000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15088358500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15088358500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15176434500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15176514500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15176434500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15176514500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.762431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.595370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.596080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.596081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.596080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.596081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91175.983437                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91175.983437                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85372.781283                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85372.781283                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85404.328057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85404.297644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85404.328057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85404.297644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        355399                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       177698                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             176736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           176377                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        176736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       533101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       533101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 533101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11457408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11457408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11457408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            177702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  177702    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              177702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           419450000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          964446250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       596235                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       298118                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          192                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             91                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           88                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            296851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          471485                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       296849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       894350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                894353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19274688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19274816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          177738                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     84480                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           475855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.024764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 475572     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    280      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             475855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          301168500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         447175500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
