
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3038201480875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               61378732                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                113627409                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              170022666                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    89.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5511558350                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10203277421                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11766464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11766528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        65024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           65024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          183851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              183852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1016                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1016                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         770694883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             770699075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4259025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4259025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4259025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        770694883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            774958100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      183851                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1016                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    183851                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1016                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11756288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   10176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   64768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11766464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                65024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    159                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266556500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                183851                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1016                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  139855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   40781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    121.948114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.017545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.613265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46046     47.50%     47.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41688     43.00%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7983      8.23%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1041      1.07%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          129      0.13%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2893.746032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2805.994517                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    718.692876                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            3      4.76%      4.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            3      4.76%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           10     15.87%     25.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            7     11.11%     36.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            6      9.52%     46.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           10     15.87%     61.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            6      9.52%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            7     11.11%     82.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5      7.94%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      3.17%     93.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.59%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      4.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.063492                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.059938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.353463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               61     96.83%     96.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      3.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4573923000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8018148000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  918460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24899.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43649.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       770.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    770.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    86917                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     851                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82581.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                351909180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187063140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               668146920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1748700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1607048880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24551040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5213105430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        94821120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9353703450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.660812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11678925000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9474000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    247100250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3068170750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11432739125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                340221000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                180835545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               643421100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3533940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1556100000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24648960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5241021750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       114119040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9309210375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            609.746548                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11790288250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9796000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    297203250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2956629000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11493855875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2048550                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2048550                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           110001                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1651278                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  93200                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             15074                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1651278                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            818131                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          833147                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        45402                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1031805                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     132729                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       179354                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2208                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1598412                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        11228                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1649096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6458890                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2048550                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            911331                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28587158                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 227200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3819                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        91840                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1587184                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                16474                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     14                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30448135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.427831                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.648145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28049777     92.12%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   43465      0.14%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  705105      2.32%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   61822      0.20%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  169329      0.56%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  117656      0.39%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  118677      0.39%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   48587      0.16%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1133717      3.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30448135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.067089                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.211526                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  914560                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27772679                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1276768                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               370528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                113600                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10865417                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                113600                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1047810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26344965                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21913                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1428319                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1491528                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10359213                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               114307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1101917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                313868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           12280479                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             28143206                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14102686                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            84917                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4290527                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7989952                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           543                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2233127                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1712155                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             191657                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            10168                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            9643                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9660159                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              10456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7137830                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            12414                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6103521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11538583                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         10455                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30448135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.234426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.916095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27762061     91.18%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             965539      3.17%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             545169      1.79%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             384374      1.26%     97.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             392956      1.29%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             166420      0.55%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             134896      0.44%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              58229      0.19%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              38491      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30448135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  25578     72.72%     72.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2687      7.64%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  6003     17.07%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  641      1.82%     99.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              240      0.68%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              22      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            39027      0.55%      0.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5803413     81.31%     81.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3192      0.04%     81.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                25712      0.36%     82.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              33591      0.47%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1084118     15.19%     97.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             142443      2.00%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6277      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            57      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               7137830                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.233761                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      35171                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          44688230                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         15707153                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6769079                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              83148                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             66990                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        37173                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               7091099                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  42875                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           11954                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1105257                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          372                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116065                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          133                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1361                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                113600                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23495899                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               297722                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            9670615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7715                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1712155                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              191657                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3752                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 23578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                86546                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         53718                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        76682                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              130400                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6965185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1031143                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           172643                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1163845                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  798085                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    132702                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.228107                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6843839                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6806252                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  5016171                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  8107891                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.222902                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.618678                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6104688                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           113596                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29550986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.120710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.677720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28131658     95.20%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       611468      2.07%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       168907      0.57%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       395925      1.34%     99.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        82738      0.28%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        48633      0.16%     99.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13728      0.05%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9882      0.03%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        88047      0.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29550986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1787521                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3567092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        682490                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       606898                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    583911                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     30264                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3536449                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               13354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         9162      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2826804     79.25%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            534      0.01%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           22230      0.62%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         25872      0.73%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         602506     16.89%     97.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         75592      2.12%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4392      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3567092                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                88047                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    39134719                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   20244645                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            725                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          86553                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1787521                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3567092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             17.082142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       17.082142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.058541                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.058541                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7592207                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5896195                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    65488                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   32734                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4112513                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1922700                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3454886                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           277630                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             579420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           277630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.087022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4622918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4622918                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       513912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         513912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        74365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         74365                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       588277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          588277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       588277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         588277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       496818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       496818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1227                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       498045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        498045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       498045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       498045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34537919500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34537919500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     83437500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83437500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34621357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34621357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34621357000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34621357000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1010730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        75592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1086322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1086322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1086322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1086322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.491544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.491544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016232                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016232                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.458469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.458469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.458469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.458469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69518.253163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69518.253163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68001.222494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68001.222494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69514.515757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69514.515757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69514.515757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69514.515757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32358                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1108                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.203971                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       220400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       220400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       220416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       220416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       220416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       220416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       276418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       276418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       277629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       277629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       277629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       277629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18858317000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18858317000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     80785500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80785500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18939102500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18939102500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18939102500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18939102500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.273484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.255568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.255568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68223.910889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68223.910889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66709.744013                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66709.744013                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68217.306189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68217.306189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68217.306189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68217.306189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 17                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   17                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6348737                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6348737                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1587183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1587183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1587183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1587183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1587183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1587183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       114000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       114000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       114000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       114000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       114000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       114000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1587184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1587184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1587184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1587184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1587184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1587184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       114000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       114000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       114000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       114000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       114000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       114000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    183879                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      359228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    183879                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.953611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.121727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.003427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.874846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1053                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4624703                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4624703                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2749                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2749                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               471                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         93308                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             93308                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                93779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    93779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               93779                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   93779                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             740                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 740                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       183110                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          183110                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             183850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 183851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            183850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                183851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     73826500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      73826500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       111500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17425705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17425705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17499532000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17499643500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17499532000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17499643500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2749                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2749                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       276418                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        276418                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           277629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               277630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          277629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              277630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.611065                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.611065                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.662439                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.662439                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.662215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.662216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.662215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.662216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99765.540541                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99765.540541                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       111500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95165.231282                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95165.231282                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95183.747620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95183.836367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       111500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95183.747620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95183.836367                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1016                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1016                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           14                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            14                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183110                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       183110                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        183850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            183851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           183851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66426500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66426500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       101500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15594595500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15594595500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15661022000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15661123500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15661022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15661123500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.611065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.662439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.662215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.662216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.662215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.662216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89765.540541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89765.540541                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85165.176670                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85165.176670                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85183.693228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85183.781976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85183.693228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85183.781976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        367690                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       183850                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             183112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           182823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               740                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              740                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        183111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       551542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       551542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 551542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11831552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11831552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11831552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            183851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  183851    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              183851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           433924500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          996444250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       555261                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       277631                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          341                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             54                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           46                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            276420                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3765                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          457744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1211                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1211                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       276418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       832889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                832892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17944256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17944384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          183879                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     65024                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           461509                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030119                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 461114     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    387      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             461509                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          280380500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         416445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
