
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7068780329875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              124379874                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                231319659                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              324349573                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    47.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5854638930                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10888364062                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12655168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12655168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        23168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           23168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         828904353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             828904353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1517487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1517487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1517487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        828904353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            830421840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197735                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        362                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197735                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      362                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12651712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   23552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12655040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                23168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     52                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267241500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197735                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  362                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.279441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.858540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.909177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40903     42.04%     42.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44894     46.15%     88.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9907     10.18%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1386      1.42%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          169      0.17%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8659.217391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8510.219127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1658.344628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.35%      4.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      8.70%     13.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     17.39%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            5     21.74%     52.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      8.70%     60.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      8.70%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      8.70%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      8.70%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      4.35%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               23    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4764411250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8470967500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  988415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24101.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42851.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       828.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    828.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100443                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     314                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77069.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347996460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184945530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               707059920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 876960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1642982250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24613920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5163613470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       104976960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          1301640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9383676150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.624002                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11599106750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9933750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      3122000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    273040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3148366000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11323016375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346682700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184258635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               704396700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1044000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1637915520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24579840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5170556070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       102997440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          1572840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9379312785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.338205                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11611346750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9828000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      4252000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    268194500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3135591750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11339611875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1468171                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1468171                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            63769                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1221852                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  45239                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7425                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1221852                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            613558                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          608294                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        22119                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     693902                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      48918                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       140103                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          778                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1192814                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4431                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1223218                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4328647                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1468171                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            658797                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29148860                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 130526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1363                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1184                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        39057                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1188383                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6515                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30478945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.286107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.351141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28804695     94.51%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   23711      0.08%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  586427      1.92%     96.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   25215      0.08%     96.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  120898      0.40%     96.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   64018      0.21%     97.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   81627      0.27%     97.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24246      0.08%     97.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  748108      2.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30478945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.048082                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.141762                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  604696                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28725190                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   792166                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               291630                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 65263                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7092797                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 65263                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  693745                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27443588                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14429                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   920369                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1341551                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6787645                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                80402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                979673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                317945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8084846                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18800754                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8932553                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            36019                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2746323                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5338575                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               197                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           245                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1875304                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1217293                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              72634                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4347                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4213                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6425596                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4052                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4599744                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4798                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4136811                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8412346                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4052                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30478945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.150915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.707586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28571987     93.74%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             772072      2.53%     96.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             402120      1.32%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             266486      0.87%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             274896      0.90%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              81897      0.27%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              68663      0.23%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              23665      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17159      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30478945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9269     65.63%     65.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1025      7.26%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3437     24.34%     97.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  234      1.66%     98.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              122      0.86%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              36      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            16936      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3781967     82.22%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1188      0.03%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8142      0.18%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12969      0.28%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              723218     15.72%     98.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              52825      1.15%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2346      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           153      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4599744                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.150640                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      14123                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003070                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39665004                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10534903                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4404147                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              32347                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             31560                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13853                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4580267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  16664                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4106                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       783414                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        49775                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           37                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1099                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 65263                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25415835                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               285422                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6429648                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1217293                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               72634                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1474                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18475                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                88823                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         33778                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        38500                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               72278                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4513419                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               693584                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            86322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      742493                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  537537                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     48909                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.147813                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4434171                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4418000                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3234806                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5109450                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.144688                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.633103                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4137682                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            65260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29887314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.076717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.502689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28871940     96.60%     96.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       472811      1.58%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       112155      0.38%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       307955      1.03%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        54146      0.18%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25632      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5417      0.02%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3425      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        33833      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29887314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1146905                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2292871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        456745                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       433897                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    414947                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9142                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2283664                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4025                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2725      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1818875     79.33%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            161      0.01%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6553      0.29%     79.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7812      0.34%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         432567     18.87%     98.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         22848      1.00%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1330      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2292871                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                33833                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36284034                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13454261                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          55743                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1146905                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2292871                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.623555                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.623555                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037561                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037561                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4523147                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3834879                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    24870                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12350                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2786881                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1210054                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2368029                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           228087                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             299131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           228087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.311478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3059687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3059687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       276686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         276686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        21978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       298664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          298664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       298664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         298664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       408366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       408366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          870                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          870                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       409236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        409236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       409236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       409236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34886270500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34886270500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32263000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32263000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34918533500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34918533500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34918533500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34918533500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       685052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       685052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        22848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       707900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       707900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       707900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       707900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.596109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.596109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038078                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.578099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.578099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.578099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.578099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85428.930175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85428.930175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37083.908046                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37083.908046                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85326.152880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85326.152880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85326.152880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85326.152880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15826                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              685                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.103650                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2039                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       181145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       181150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       181150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       181150                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       227221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       227221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       228086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       228086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19330869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19330869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30941500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30941500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19361810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19361810500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19361810500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19361810500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.331684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037859                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037859                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.322201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.322201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85075.186712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85075.186712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35770.520231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35770.520231                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84888.202257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84888.202257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84888.202257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84888.202257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4753532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4753532                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1188383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1188383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1188383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1188383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1188383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1188383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1188383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1188383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1188383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1188383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1188383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1188383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197746                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      255950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.294337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.780094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.219906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4551                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3845130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3845130                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               648                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   648                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         29703                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             29703                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                30351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    30351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               30351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   30351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             217                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 217                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197518                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197518                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197735                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197735                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22547500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      22547500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18653296000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18653296000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18675843500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18675843500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18675843500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18675843500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           865                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               865                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       227221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        227221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           228086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               228086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          228086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              228086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250867                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.250867                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.869277                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.869277                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.866932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.866932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.866932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.866932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103905.529954                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103905.529954                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94438.461305                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94438.461305                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94448.850735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94448.850735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94448.850735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94448.850735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  362                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       362                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197518                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197518                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20377500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20377500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16678096000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16678096000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16698473500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16698473500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16698473500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16698473500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.869277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.869277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.866932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.866932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.866932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.866932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93905.529954                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93905.529954                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84438.360048                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84438.360048                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84448.749589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84448.749589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84448.749589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84448.749589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        395464                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197738                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197518                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       593201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       593201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 593201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12678336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12678336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12678336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197735    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197735                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           466359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1067970500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       456173                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       228085                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          510                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             17                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            227222                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          423432                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       227221                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       684260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                684260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14728064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14728064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197746                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     23168                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           425832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035191                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 425307     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    524      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             425832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          230125500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         342130500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
