
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               335881570750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2122663                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4006154                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               42758183                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   357.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   757923431                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1430447483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         257408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             257408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       217344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          217344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3396                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3396                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16860038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16860038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14235875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14235875                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14235875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16860038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31095913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4022                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3396                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4022                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3396                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 257408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  217408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  257408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               217344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15260719000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4022                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3396                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    102.270457                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.637551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   144.358657                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4096     88.20%     88.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          235      5.06%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           84      1.81%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           54      1.16%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           49      1.06%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      0.75%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.60%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      0.73%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           29      0.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.163158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.976533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.150495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             1      0.53%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            29     15.26%     15.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           124     65.26%     81.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            13      6.84%     87.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             7      3.68%     91.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             8      4.21%     95.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             1      0.53%     96.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             2      1.05%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.53%     97.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             4      2.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.878947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.872298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.472614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               11      5.79%      5.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.53%      6.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              178     93.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    345675750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               421088250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     85946.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               104696.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       66                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2711                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2057255.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 18057060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9601350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                15265320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               10826280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1177035600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            475537320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             45558720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2888774250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2170554240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        642595920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7454583720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            488.269843                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14097799625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     72462000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     499514000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2116602250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5652501500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     591029750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6335234625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 15086820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8022630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                13451760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                6906060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1149991440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            412150470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             52149120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2846191260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2015962560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        811855440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7332910530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            480.300337                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14219202875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     91707250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     488236000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2733598750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5249841750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     462280500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6241679875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13225937                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13225937                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1042075                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11148968                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 967972                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            204402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11148968                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3742993                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7405975                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       745163                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10077165                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7614190                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       120615                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        40223                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9003820                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        13213                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9710436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59659714                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13225937                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4710965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19708634                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2098854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        58221                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8990607                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               250925                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.733638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.573280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12332970     40.39%     40.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  850439      2.79%     43.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1272571      4.17%     47.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1426609      4.67%     52.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1118514      3.66%     55.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1131477      3.71%     59.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1049395      3.44%     62.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  918055      3.01%     65.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10434330     34.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433145                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.953834                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8639563                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4212248                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15692058                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               941064                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1049427                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108602872                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1049427                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9391341                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3131200                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15938                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15818497                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1127957                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103688578                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 67306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    55                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                999132                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110289468                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260965640                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155760439                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3129574                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70199993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                40089471                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1208                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1502                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1015760                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11890399                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8954614                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           501849                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          201225                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93801378                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              60791                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 84157842                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           447270                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28143051                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40580060                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         60767                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.756169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.516945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9529921     31.21%     31.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2858037      9.36%     40.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3135999     10.27%     50.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3180600     10.42%     61.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3205890     10.50%     71.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2799483      9.17%     80.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3136312     10.27%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1657784      5.43%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1030334      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 811063     73.74%     73.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14711      1.34%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 97987      8.91%     83.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                87544      7.96%     91.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              333      0.03%     91.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           88227      8.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           502179      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63789744     75.80%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               76159      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87170      0.10%     76.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1168352      1.39%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10213696     12.14%     90.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7651923      9.09%     99.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         387593      0.46%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        281026      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              84157842                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.756139                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1099865                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013069                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         196463952                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119005341                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78808980                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3933230                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3000990                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1783755                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82770664                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1984864                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1321683                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4019732                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         9975                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2832                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2501081                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           82                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1049427                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3181356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 2265                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93862169                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            20034                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11890399                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8954614                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             21579                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   142                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2059                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2832                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        296309                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1081211                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1377520                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81688027                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10070236                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2469818                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17677586                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8872138                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7607350                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.675253                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      81163230                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80592735                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56285040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88262305                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.639383                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637702                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28143567                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1048718                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26307319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.498130                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.748523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9173003     34.87%     34.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3833984     14.57%     49.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2679415     10.19%     59.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3639361     13.83%     73.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1146483      4.36%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1170176      4.45%     82.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       834759      3.17%     85.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       478260      1.82%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3351878     12.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26307319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34696296                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65719107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14324196                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7870662                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7639007                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1341012                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64711771                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              476246                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       267069      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49980931     76.05%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55866      0.09%     76.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           78057      0.12%     76.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1012988      1.54%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7587260     11.54%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6453534      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       283402      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65719107                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3351878                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116818115                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  192036174                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             47                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            328                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34696296                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65719107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.880056                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.880056                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.136291                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.136291                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               118360137                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               63123041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2516632                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1242233                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41317436                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21592891                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35885436                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1994181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           358.923866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60372260                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60372260                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8629826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8629826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6453352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6453352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15083178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15083178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15083178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15083178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    294997500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294997500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    493056500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    493056500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    788054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    788054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    788054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    788054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8634890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8634890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6456786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6456786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15091676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15091676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15091676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15091676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58253.850711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58253.850711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143580.809552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143580.809552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92734.055072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92734.055072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92734.055072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92734.055072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2939                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    163851500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163851500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    487945500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    487945500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    651797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    651797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    651797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    651797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76423.274254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76423.274254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142883.016105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142883.016105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 117250.764526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117250.764526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 117250.764526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117250.764526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2271                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             275532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           121.326288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35964701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35964701                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8988235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8988235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8988235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8988235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8988235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8988235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         2372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         2372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         2372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2372                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8990607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8990607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8990607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8990607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8990607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8990607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12707.419899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12707.419899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12707.419899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12707.419899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12707.419899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12707.419899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27260500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27260500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27260500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27260500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27260500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27260500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11993.180818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11993.180818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11993.180818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11993.180818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11993.180818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11993.180818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4027                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.168860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       50.689465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        25.783652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16307.526884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13747                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    129155                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   129155                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4318                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4318                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2271                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2271                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           2271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               2271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1528                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1528                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 2271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                2271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1534                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3805                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3407                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3407                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          616                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             616                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    482700000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     482700000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    144526500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    144526500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    627226500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        627226500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    627226500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       627226500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4318                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4318                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2271                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2271                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         2271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2144                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2144                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             2271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            2271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998242                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998242                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.287313                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.287313                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.723952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.513924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.723952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.513924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141678.896390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141678.896390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 234620.941558                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 234620.941558                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 155910.141685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155910.141685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 155910.141685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155910.141685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3396                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3396                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3407                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3407                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          616                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          616                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        39000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        39000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    448640000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448640000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138366500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138366500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    587006500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    587006500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    587006500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    587006500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.287313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.723952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.513924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.723952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.513924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131681.831523                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131681.831523                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 224620.941558                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 224620.941558                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 145912.627392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145912.627392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 145912.627392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145912.627392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8046                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4024                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       474752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       474752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  474752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4024    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22643000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22124250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        15659                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7825                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           20                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             17                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           17                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              4417                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7714                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3413                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2273                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2144                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 23488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       290688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       631936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 922624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4029                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    217472                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            11859                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002951                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.054248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  11824     99.70%     99.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     35      0.30%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              11859                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           14418500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3409999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8335499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
