
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4183252290250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              122412693                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                226968188                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              332355678                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    45.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5623240651                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10426182002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12414784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12414784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        36992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           36992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                578                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         813159375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             813159375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2422949                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2422949                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2422949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        813159375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            815582324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193980                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        578                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193980                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      578                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12410048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   36864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12414720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                36992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     73                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267368500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193980                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  578                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.702555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.694703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.219510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42597     43.70%     43.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44081     45.23%     88.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9317      9.56%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1264      1.30%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          166      0.17%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5385.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5285.137826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1061.101853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.78%      2.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      5.56%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      2.78%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      2.78%     13.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      2.78%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            4     11.11%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            6     16.67%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4     11.11%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            4     11.11%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      5.56%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      5.56%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            3      8.33%     86.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      2.78%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.78%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      2.78%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      2.78%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            1      2.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               36    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4749311000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8385067250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  969535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24492.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43242.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       812.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    813.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96517                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     498                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78472.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350795340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186455940                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               697742220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2730060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1636245420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24522240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5183942520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        94822080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9382564860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.551214                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11614192750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9470000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    246593750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3133821375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11367599000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345126180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183442710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               686746620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 276660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1614251400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24496800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5183124000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       114058080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9356831490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.865696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11663193625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9396000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    297022000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3083847250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11367218875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1626447                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1626447                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            73038                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1234457                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  54137                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8356                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1234457                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            678148                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          556309                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        26055                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     773406                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      66403                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       150963                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1174                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1330653                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4780                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1365029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4847798                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1626447                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            732285                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29003201                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 149110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1105                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        40054                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1325873                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9549                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30485247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.319940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.427757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28624972     93.90%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   26729      0.09%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  639920      2.10%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   31501      0.10%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  131956      0.43%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   71728      0.24%     96.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   86962      0.29%     97.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   27688      0.09%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  843791      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30485247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.053266                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.158764                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  690621                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28490530                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   917386                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               312155                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 74555                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8031687                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 74555                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  788924                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27275601                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13876                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1053750                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1278541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7684992                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                70342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1000272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                217591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   819                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9148923                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21227918                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10201188                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            44245                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3224443                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5924479                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               311                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           400                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1956533                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1351985                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              95293                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4293                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7246747                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5233                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5217881                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6751                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4563174                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9322730                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5233                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30485247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.171161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.765172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28395813     93.15%     93.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             811569      2.66%     95.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             433399      1.42%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             295822      0.97%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             309269      1.01%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              99549      0.33%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              84545      0.28%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              32291      0.11%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22990      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30485247                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  13560     71.23%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1391      7.31%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3630     19.07%     97.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  351      1.84%     99.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               95      0.50%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            21138      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4283670     82.10%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1232      0.02%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13116      0.25%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              17562      0.34%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              807143     15.47%     98.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              70994      1.36%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2995      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            31      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5217881                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.170884                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      19036                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003648                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40903892                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11780727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4986781                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              42904                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             34434                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19393                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5193689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  22090                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6739                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       862298                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          223                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        56363                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           61                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1294                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 74555                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25235024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               270420                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7251980                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1351985                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               95293                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1937                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18348                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                69060                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         37910                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        45452                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               83362                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5115639                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               773022                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           102242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      839389                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  601916                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     66367                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.167535                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5026578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5006174                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3690821                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5869574                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.163950                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.628806                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4564045                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            74551                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29832729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.090129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.565658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28698922     96.20%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       512985      1.72%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       127069      0.43%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330988      1.11%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62722      0.21%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        34005      0.11%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7549      0.03%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5400      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        53089      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29832729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1345944                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2688806                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        528617                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       489687                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    468058                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15488                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2673139                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6850                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4659      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2130770     79.25%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            274      0.01%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11238      0.42%     79.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         13248      0.49%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         487447     18.13%     98.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         38930      1.45%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2240      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2688806                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                53089                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37032491                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15160261                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            383                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          49441                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1345944                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2688806                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.686448                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.686448                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044079                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044079                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5241752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4347113                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    34276                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   17142                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3145112                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1384551                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2644809                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           242641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             376296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           242641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.550834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          862                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3442393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3442393                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       328217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         328217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        37907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         37907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       366124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          366124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       366124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         366124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       432791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       432791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       433814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        433814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       433814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       433814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34763083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34763083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47978500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47978500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34811061500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34811061500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34811061500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34811061500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       761008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       761008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        38930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       799938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       799938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       799938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       799938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.568708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.568708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026278                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026278                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.542310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.542310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.542310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.542310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80323.026588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80323.026588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46899.804497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46899.804497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80244.209500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80244.209500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80244.209500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80244.209500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21905                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              831                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.359807                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       191164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       191164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       191174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       191174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       191174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       191174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       241627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       242640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       242640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19252169000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19252169000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46168000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46168000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19298337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19298337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19298337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19298337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79677.225641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79677.225641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45575.518263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45575.518263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79534.854105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79534.854105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79534.854105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79534.854105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5303492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5303492                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1325873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1325873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1325873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1325873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1325873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1325873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1325873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1325873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1325873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1325873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1325873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1325873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193989                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      286941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.479161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.873455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.126545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1089                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4073829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4073829                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2325                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2325                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         48016                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             48016                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                48660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    48660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               48660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   48660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             369                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 369                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193611                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193611                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37587500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      37587500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18356589500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18356589500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18394177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18394177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18394177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18394177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2325                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2325                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1013                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1013                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       241627                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        241627                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           242640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               242640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          242640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              242640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.364265                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.364265                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801280                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.801280                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.799456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.799456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.799456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.799456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101863.143631                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101863.143631                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94811.707496                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94811.707496                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94825.121147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94825.121147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94825.121147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94825.121147                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  578                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       578                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193611                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193611                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33897500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33897500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16420469500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16420469500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16454367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16454367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16454367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16454367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.364265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.364265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.801280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.799456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.799456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91863.143631                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91863.143631                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84811.655846                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84811.655846                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84825.069595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84825.069595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84825.069595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84825.069595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        387959                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193983                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193612                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          578                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       581940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       581940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 581940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12451776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12451776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12451776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193980                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193980    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193980                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           457535500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1048713000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       485281                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       242641                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          573                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            241628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2903                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          433727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       241627                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       727922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                727922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15677824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15677824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193989                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     36992                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           436629                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 436046     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    581      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             436629                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          244965500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         363961500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
