
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10305457284375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              114009761                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                212648006                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              285725962                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6091939042                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11362528227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12774592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12774592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        17600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           17600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          199603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              199603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           275                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                275                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         836726538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             836726538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1152787                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1152787                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1152787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        836726538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            837879326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      199604                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        275                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    199604                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      275                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12772096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12774656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                17600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267355500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                199604                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  275                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.060892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.586902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.045649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40374     41.37%     41.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45476     46.60%     87.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10115     10.37%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1421      1.46%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          171      0.18%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11730.235294                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11427.919033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2739.723607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            2     11.76%     11.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            4     23.53%     35.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            3     17.65%     52.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            2     11.76%     64.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            3     17.65%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      5.88%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      5.88%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      5.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4745528500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8487353500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  997820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23779.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42529.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       836.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    836.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102020                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     235                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76382.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348053580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184994865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               716084880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 568980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1654662690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24447360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5117947920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       134961600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9387030915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.843737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11574856000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10344000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    351949250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3172284125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11222906750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348674760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185328825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               708809220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 850860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1647266940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24485760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5099905710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       156344640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9376975755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.185131                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11589152250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    406791500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3158219250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11182873375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1363384                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1363384                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            52833                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1016315                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  34179                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5118                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1016315                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            589911                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          426404                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        15038                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     632921                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      33561                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135456                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          572                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1152532                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3476                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1175845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3901922                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1363384                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            624090                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29229097                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 107966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        31768                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1149056                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5018                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30494174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.257422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.278182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28955034     94.95%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   13416      0.04%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  585936      1.92%     96.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   17736      0.06%     96.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  110105      0.36%     97.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   53353      0.17%     97.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   73363      0.24%     97.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17837      0.06%     97.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  667394      2.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30494174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.044650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.127787                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  556899                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28902127                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   701851                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               279314                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 53983                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6384824                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 53983                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  634593                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27724828                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          6426                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   829851                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1244493                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6132441                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                75961                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                963658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                240080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7328487                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17167492                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7965798                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            25096                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2608913                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4719572                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1821207                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1132940                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              48381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3106                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2814                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5858413                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2563                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4160871                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4031                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3682120                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7825544                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2563                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30494174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.136448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.663874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28726192     94.20%     94.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             728900      2.39%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             379747      1.25%     97.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             252744      0.83%     98.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             253090      0.83%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              64902      0.21%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              56864      0.19%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              17689      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14046      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30494174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6711     61.99%     61.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     61.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     61.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  717      6.62%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     68.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3103     28.66%     97.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  168      1.55%     98.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              103      0.95%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              24      0.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            11252      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3439893     82.67%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 688      0.02%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6033      0.14%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               8880      0.21%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              656190     15.77%     99.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              36010      0.87%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1833      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            92      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4160871                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.136267                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10826                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002602                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38808161                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9520717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4007549                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              22612                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             22380                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9686                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4148787                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  11658                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2788                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       711775                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        30776                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1224                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 53983                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25991960                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               261901                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5860976                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1132940                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               48381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               959                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13904                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                66282                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30238                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        28244                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               58482                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4098616                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               632774                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            62255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      666327                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  497099                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     33553                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.134228                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4028262                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4017235                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2940988                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4637333                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.131563                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.634198                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3682765                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            53983                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29977521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.072683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.483288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28996688     96.73%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       462346      1.54%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107302      0.36%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       299933      1.00%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        51198      0.17%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24391      0.08%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3492      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2962      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29209      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29977521                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1090324                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2178854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        438769                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       421164                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    400333                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      6998                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2171793                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2083      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1726906     79.26%     79.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            124      0.01%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            4984      0.23%     79.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          5988      0.27%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         420154     19.28%     99.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         17605      0.81%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1010      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2178854                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                29209                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35809931                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12240814                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            302                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          40514                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1090324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2178854                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.005151                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.005151                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035708                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035708                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4009377                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3490452                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    17314                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    8637                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2629245                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1101860                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2189609                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           225401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             242329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           225401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.075102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2803913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2803913                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       227095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         227095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        16864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16864                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       243959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          243959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       243959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         243959                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       399928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       399928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          741                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          741                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       400669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        400669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       400669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       400669                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34623646500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34623646500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25306499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25306499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34648952999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34648952999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34648952999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34648952999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       627023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       627023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        17605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       644628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       644628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       644628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       644628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.637820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.637820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.621551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.621551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.621551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.621551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86574.699696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86574.699696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34151.820513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34151.820513                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86477.748463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86477.748463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86477.748463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86477.748463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15129                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              791                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.126422                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       175262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       175267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       175267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       224666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       225402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       225402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19400174500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19400174500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24181499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24181499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19424355999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19424355999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19424355999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19424355999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.358306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041806                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041806                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.349662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.349662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86351.181309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86351.181309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32855.297554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32855.297554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86176.502422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86176.502422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86176.502422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86176.502422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4596224                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4596224                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1149056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1149056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1149056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1149056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1149056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1149056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1149056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1149056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1149056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1149056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1149056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1149056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    199604                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      245656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    199604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.230717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.947091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.052909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10962                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4035                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3803724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3803724                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               569                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   569                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         25229                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             25229                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                25798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    25798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               25798                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   25798                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             167                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       199437                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          199437                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             199604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 199604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            199604                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                199604                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16834000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      16834000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18773693500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18773693500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18790527500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18790527500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18790527500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18790527500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        224666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           225402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               225402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          225402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              225402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.226902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.226902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.887704                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.887704                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.885547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.885547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.885547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.885547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100802.395210                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100802.395210                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94133.453171                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94133.453171                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94139.032785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94139.032785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94139.032785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94139.032785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  275                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       275                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199437                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       199437                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        199604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            199604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           199604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15164000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15164000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16779333500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16779333500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16794497500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16794497500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16794497500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16794497500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.226902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.887704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.887704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.885547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.885547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90802.395210                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90802.395210                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84133.503312                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84133.503312                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84139.082884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84139.082884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84139.082884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84139.082884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        399198                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199602                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             199436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           199319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              167                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        199437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       598801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       598801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 598801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12792192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12792192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12792192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            199604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  199604    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              199604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           471381500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1077703750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       450803                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       225399                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          513                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            224665                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2139                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          422866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       224666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       676204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                676204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14544960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14544960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          199604                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     17600                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           425006                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035092                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 424485     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    520      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             425006                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          227265500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         338101500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
