
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5877927488125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               76953157                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                142948097                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              203857599                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    74.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5763187305                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10705694829                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12477184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12477184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        27008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           27008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           422                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                422                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         817246529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             817246529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1769004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1769004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1769004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        817246529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            819015534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194957                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        422                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194957                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      422                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12473472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   26752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12477248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                27008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     59                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267404000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194957                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  422                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.943009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.961714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.767884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42476     43.48%     43.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44275     45.32%     88.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9504      9.73%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1251      1.28%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          157      0.16%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7606.384615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7460.087615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1507.257485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4     15.38%     15.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      7.69%     23.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      3.85%     26.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     11.54%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     15.38%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.85%     57.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     11.54%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     11.54%     80.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     11.54%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.076923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.072646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.392232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               25     96.15%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      3.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4746337750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8400675250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  974490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24352.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43102.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       817.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    817.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97254                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     362                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78142.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352351860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187279455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               705610500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2124540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1652098830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24545280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5151226800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       108998400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9389544705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.008388                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11580755250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    283657750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3167068875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11297097500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345226140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183492045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               685961220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                  57420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1616236710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24388800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5194217340                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       103152000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9358040715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.944900                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11660101000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9294000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    268787000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3087987000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11391416125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1359459                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1359459                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            56174                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1048411                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  41630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6153                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1048411                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            579681                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          468730                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        19024                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     667674                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      48441                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       142794                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          902                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1128673                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4101                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1154031                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3989710                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1359459                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            621311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29214520                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 115140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 969                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        39147                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1124572                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6401                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30469181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.263722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.295386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28912563     94.89%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   17786      0.06%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  559010      1.83%     96.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   24676      0.08%     96.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  111858      0.37%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   62217      0.20%     97.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   80183      0.26%     97.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   21157      0.07%     97.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  679731      2.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30469181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.044522                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.130662                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  559573                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28842976                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   719732                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               289330                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 57570                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6644651                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 57570                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  645115                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27658498                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18452                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   851199                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1238347                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6375391                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                68021                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                986395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                202262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   411                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7609149                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17703012                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8394417                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            32755                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2880565                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4728425                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               188                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           254                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1852126                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1135295                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              70901                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4326                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4447                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6050081                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4270                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4415797                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6588                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3657624                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7507160                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4270                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30469181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.144927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.692140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28617947     93.92%     93.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             762148      2.50%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             392284      1.29%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             266812      0.88%     98.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             247247      0.81%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              76220      0.25%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              64683      0.21%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              24261      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17579      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30469181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10580     66.86%     66.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1053      6.65%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3825     24.17%     97.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  253      1.60%     99.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               66      0.42%     99.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              47      0.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            15776      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3628399     82.17%     82.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 905      0.02%     82.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9611      0.22%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              13083      0.30%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              693722     15.71%     98.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              52015      1.18%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2115      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           171      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4415797                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.144616                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      15824                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003583                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39291057                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9685542                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4240065                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              32130                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             26442                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14410                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4399294                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  16551                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4467                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       689485                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          147                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        43725                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           51                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1180                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 57570                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25839807                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               250546                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6054351                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1135295                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               70901                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1555                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 14436                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                50328                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30440                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        33681                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               64121                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4339831                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               667408                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            75966                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      715841                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  533949                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     48433                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.142128                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4269511                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4254475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3081148                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4974927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.139333                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.619335                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3658206                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            57566                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29951429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.080016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.518669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28901742     96.50%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       482594      1.61%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121322      0.41%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       320154      1.07%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50292      0.17%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26253      0.09%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5108      0.02%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3909      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        40055      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29951429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1200580                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2396584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        472962                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       445786                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    427324                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     10914                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2385524                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4800                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3326      0.14%      0.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1902660     79.39%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            192      0.01%     79.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            8120      0.34%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          9324      0.39%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         444196     18.53%     98.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         27176      1.13%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1590      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2396584                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                40055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35966164                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12628948                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            459                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          65507                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1200580                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2396584                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.433281                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.433281                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.039319                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.039319                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4454470                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3678698                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    25469                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12655                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2826958                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1219134                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2273624                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           232908                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             275013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           232908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.180780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2977692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2977692                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       250298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         250298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        26262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         26262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       276560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          276560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       276560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         276560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       408722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       408722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       409636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        409636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       409636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       409636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34058395500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34058395500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35762500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35762500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34094158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34094158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34094158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34094158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       659020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       659020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        27176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       686196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       686196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       686196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       686196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.620197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.620197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033633                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033633                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.596966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.596966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.596966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.596966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83328.999907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83328.999907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39127.461707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39127.461707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83230.375260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83230.375260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83230.375260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83230.375260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19376                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              788                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.588832                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       176723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       176723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       176728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       176728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       176728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       176728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       232908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       232908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19204005500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19204005500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34467500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34467500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19238473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19238473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19238473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19238473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.352036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033449                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033449                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.339419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.339419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82776.242570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82776.242570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37918.041804                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37918.041804                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82601.168702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82601.168702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82601.168702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82601.168702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4498288                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4498288                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1124572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1124572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1124572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1124572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1124572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1124572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1124572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1124572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1124572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1124572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1124572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1124572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194961                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      261614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.341879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.956852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.043148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3918993                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3918993                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2278                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   652                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         37300                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             37300                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                37952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    37952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               37952                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   37952                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             257                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 257                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194699                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194699                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25967000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      25967000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18437450000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18437450000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18463417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18463417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18463417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18463417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2278                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           909                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               909                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       231999                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        231999                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           232908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               232908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          232908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              232908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282728                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.282728                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.839223                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.839223                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.837052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.837052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.837052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.837052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101038.910506                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101038.910506                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94697.199267                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94697.199267                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94705.559203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94705.559203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94705.559203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94705.559203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  422                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       422                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          257                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            257                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194699                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194699                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23397000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23397000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16490460000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16490460000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16513857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16513857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16513857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16513857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.839223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.837052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.837052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.837052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.837052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91038.910506                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91038.910506                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84697.199267                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84697.199267                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84705.559203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84705.559203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84705.559203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84705.559203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        389909                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194956                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194530                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       584865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       584865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 584865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12504192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12504192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12504192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194957    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           460752500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1053837500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       465816                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       232907                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          561                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            231999                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2700                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          425169                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       231999                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       698724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                698724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15051904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15051904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194961                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     27008                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           427869                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 427300     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    569      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             427869                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          235186000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         349362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
