
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               198475473625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1675675                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3154903                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56808445                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   268.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   450339953                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     847884308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         245952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             246016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       213568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          213568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3337                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3337                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16109678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16113870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13988550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13988550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13988550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16109678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             30102420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3844                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3337                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3844                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3337                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 246016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  213888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  246016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               213568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15273344000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3844                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3337                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    102.642857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.656257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   146.383346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3956     88.30%     88.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          230      5.13%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           70      1.56%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           57      1.27%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           47      1.05%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           31      0.69%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.56%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.51%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           41      0.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.582888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.285557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      4.174594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            13      6.95%      6.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            67     35.83%     42.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            68     36.36%     79.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            25     13.37%     92.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             3      1.60%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             3      1.60%     95.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             2      1.07%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.53%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             2      1.07%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.53%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             1      0.53%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.871658                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.864464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.491431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               12      6.42%      6.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              175     93.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    410035750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               482110750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                    106669.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               125419.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2663                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2126910.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 13087620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  6956235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                11245500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7918740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1360812960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            471358080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63382080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2917485720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2630122080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        409732800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7893324975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            517.007078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14063734750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    113377500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     578088000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    818610750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6849280375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     510037250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6397950250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 18906720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 10045365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                16200660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9526500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1268002320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            460125090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             45980160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3356492880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2270666880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        333974760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7791514365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            510.338557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14132803750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     70116000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     537856000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    861106000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5913319500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     524147750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7360798875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13206013                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13206013                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1091905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10947096                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 984230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            209035                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10947096                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3544796                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7402300                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       788627                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9843626                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7410797                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138285                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        47849                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8887894                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        18415                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9610992                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59483116                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13206013                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4529026                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19731834                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2204868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                9915                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        79250                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8869479                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               267960                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.728437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.582615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12423795     40.69%     40.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  858074      2.81%     43.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1230750      4.03%     47.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1393231      4.56%     52.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1121452      3.67%     55.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1095785      3.59%     59.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1015698      3.33%     62.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  877627      2.87%     65.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10518013     34.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432492                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.948051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8511561                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4431795                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15538905                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               949730                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1102434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108218286                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1102434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9284173                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3298102                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         35171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15651534                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1163011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103075411                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 71658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    91                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1037525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109592951                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            259427734                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       154902727                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3051562                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67444956                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42147970                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1817                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   878666                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11794972                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8857231                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           487015                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          205267                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92644532                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              73438                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82393952                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           473005                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29618009                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43127796                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         73415                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.698395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.529930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10036583     32.87%     32.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2801393      9.17%     42.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3032249      9.93%     51.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3059528     10.02%     61.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3100110     10.15%     72.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2757180      9.03%     81.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3088696     10.12%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1638527      5.37%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1020159      3.34%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 813569     73.73%     73.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14511      1.32%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                101985      9.24%     84.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                83304      7.55%     91.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              746      0.07%     91.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           89275      8.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           503527      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62458092     75.80%     76.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               74663      0.09%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                85261      0.10%     76.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1130005      1.37%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10015505     12.16%     90.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7467452      9.06%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         374409      0.45%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        285038      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82393952                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.698372                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1103390                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013392                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193061500                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119359757                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     76890881                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3837225                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           2977298                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1734642                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81057127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1936688                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1201613                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4237438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10775                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2812                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2677892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1102434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3352597                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 1570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           92717970                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16364                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11794972                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8857231                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             25876                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   116                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1419                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2812                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        300100                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1143547                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1443647                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             79780994                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9836558                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2612959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17239355                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8633984                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7402797                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.612799                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79234880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     78625523                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 54919102                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86055151                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.574957                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638185                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29618678                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1101773                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26083557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.419146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.729991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9538477     36.57%     36.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3732853     14.31%     50.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2606250      9.99%     60.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3518087     13.49%     74.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1114724      4.27%     78.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1128290      4.33%     82.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       797339      3.06%     86.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       464348      1.78%     87.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3183189     12.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26083557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33319137                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63099942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13736871                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7557536                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7343541                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1283358                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62135907                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              455755                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       255594      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48009880     76.09%     76.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53464      0.08%     76.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           74697      0.12%     76.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        969436      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7286318     11.55%     89.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6179335      9.79%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       271218      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63099942                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3183189                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115618988                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  189975283                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            263                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33319137                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63099942                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.916431                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.916431                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.091190                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.091190                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115195942                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61646745                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2444937                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1200833                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40093489                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21024612                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35063160                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5500                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             594542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           108.098545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          519                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         58751572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        58751572                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8498954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8498954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6179167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6179167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14678121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14678121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14678121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14678121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3280                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3280                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    175515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    619941000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    619941000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    795456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    795456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8504071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8504071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6182447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6182447                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14686518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14686518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14686518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14686518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34300.371311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34300.371311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 189006.402439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189006.402439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94730.975348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94730.975348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94730.975348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94730.975348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2897                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2897                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     95753500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95753500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    609067500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    609067500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    704821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    704821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    704821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    704821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000522                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000522                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42182.158590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42182.158590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 188565.789474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188565.789474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 128149.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128149.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 128149.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128149.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              441                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             535370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1213.990930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35478357                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35478357                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8869021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8869021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8869021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8869021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8869021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8869021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5913500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5913500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5913500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5913500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5913500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5913500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8869479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8869479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8869479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8869479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8869479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8869479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12911.572052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12911.572052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12911.572052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12911.572052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12911.572052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12911.572052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          441                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              441                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5372500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5372500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5372500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5372500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5372500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5372500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12182.539683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12182.539683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12182.539683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12182.539683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12182.539683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12182.539683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3849                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.121330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       43.835924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.867977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16315.296099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13862                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     98785                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    98785                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          441                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              441                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            440                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                440                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3224                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3224                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             619                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3843                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    604159000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     604159000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     74877500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     74877500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    679036500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        679126500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    679036500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       679126500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          441                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          441                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3230                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3230                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          441                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            441                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2270                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2270                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998142                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998142                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002268                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002268                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.272687                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.272687                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.698727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.647029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.698727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.647029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 187394.230769                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 187394.230769                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120965.266559                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120965.266559                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 176694.379391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176671.826223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 176694.379391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176671.826223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3337                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3337                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          619                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          619                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    571919000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    571919000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     68687500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68687500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    640606500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    640686500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    640606500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    640686500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.272687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.698727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.647029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.698727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.647029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 177394.230769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177394.230769                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110965.266559                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110965.266559                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166694.379391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166671.826223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166694.379391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166671.826223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7695                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3851                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                620                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           620                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       459584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       459584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  459584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3844                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3844    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3844                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22002500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21153000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11882                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5940                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           15                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7510                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1839                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3230                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3230                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2270                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1323                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        16500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 17823                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       619072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 675520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3849                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    213568                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9790                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002451                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9766     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     24      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9790                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            661999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
