
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10335991972625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               93113003                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                173676392                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              233272170                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    65.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6094116910                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11366880624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12789312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12789312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        17600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           17600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          199833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              199833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           275                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                275                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         837690688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             837690688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1152787                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1152787                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1152787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        837690688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            838843475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      199833                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        275                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    199833                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      275                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12787072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12789312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                17600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     35                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267181500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                199833                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  275                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.460241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.962897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.147325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39937     41.00%     41.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45725     46.95%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10059     10.33%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1474      1.51%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          176      0.18%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11800.823529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11588.821669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2296.805805                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      5.88%      5.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            1      5.88%     11.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            6     35.29%     47.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            4     23.53%     70.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      5.88%     76.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            2     11.76%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      5.88%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      5.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4757837750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8504050250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  998990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23813.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42563.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       837.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    837.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102435                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     233                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76294.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347817960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184865835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               713078940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1299780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1650749640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24591840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5114774160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       139906080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          1101840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9383495115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.612145                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11583010500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10638000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      2291000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    364709250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3163637000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11216202875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347632320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184763370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               713478780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 120060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1648144170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24478560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5122327230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       135305280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          1444140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9383002950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.579908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11587194000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9726000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      3715500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    352115500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3159767750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11232153375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1335722                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1335722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            53055                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1052502                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  35312                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5686                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1052502                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            572964                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          479538                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        15120                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     631072                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      37784                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       133476                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          639                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1124342                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5124                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1146785                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3853166                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1335722                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            608276                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29211856                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 109394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        48310                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1119218                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4740                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30465823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.254363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.271232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28950474     95.03%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   14804      0.05%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  567041      1.86%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19554      0.06%     97.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  111946      0.37%     97.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   50803      0.17%     97.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   75656      0.25%     97.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   18255      0.06%     97.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  657290      2.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30465823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043744                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.126190                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  552165                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28891006                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   689380                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               278575                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 54697                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6306842                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 54697                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  629954                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27656303                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12475                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   816976                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1295418                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6060926                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                77644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                969246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                290847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7230122                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             16923102                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7895456                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            25353                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2565376                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4664808                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           220                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1819825                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1115439                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              55291                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3632                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3390                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5792735                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4133052                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3634                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3654375                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7657702                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30465823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.135662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.660797                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28700440     94.21%     94.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             732701      2.40%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             381619      1.25%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             252685      0.83%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             246690      0.81%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              63258      0.21%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              56906      0.19%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              17620      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              13904      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30465823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6856     65.18%     65.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  707      6.72%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2691     25.58%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  165      1.57%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               90      0.86%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13244      0.32%      0.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3407374     82.44%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1013      0.02%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 5986      0.14%     82.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9064      0.22%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              654005     15.82%     98.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              40619      0.98%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1711      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            36      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4133052                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.135356                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10518                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002545                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38723449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9428319                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3980240                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              22630                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             22208                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9736                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4118705                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  11621                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2790                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       701901                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        38028                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1240                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 54697                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25880011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               277622                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5796152                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1115439                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               55291                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1258                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15474                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                81816                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30358                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        29758                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               60116                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4070609                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               630932                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            62443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      668705                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  491687                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     37773                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.133311                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4001538                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3989976                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2904801                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4585493                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.130670                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.633476                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3655116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            54697                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29949943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.071514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.477002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28980683     96.76%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       457256      1.53%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106754      0.36%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       298269      1.00%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49871      0.17%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23421      0.08%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3477      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2879      0.01%     99.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27333      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29949943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1071851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2141839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        430812                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       413549                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    393648                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      6858                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2134904                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3040                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2057      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1698033     79.28%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            122      0.01%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            4947      0.23%     79.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          5868      0.27%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         412559     19.26%     99.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         17263      0.81%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          990      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2141839                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                27333                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35719565                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12110695                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            506                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          68865                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1071851                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2141839                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.487810                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.487810                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035103                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035103                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4015672                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3463311                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    17440                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    8696                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2582416                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1089085                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2167505                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           222278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             249393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           222278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.121987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          765                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2792442                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2792442                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       231745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         231745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        16554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       248299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          248299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       248299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         248299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       393533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       393533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          709                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          709                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       394242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        394242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       394242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       394242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34523692500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34523692500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24123498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24123498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34547815998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34547815998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34547815998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34547815998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       625278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       625278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        17263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17263                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       642541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       642541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       642541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       642541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.629373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.629373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041070                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.613567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.613567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.613567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.613567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87727.566684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87727.566684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34024.679831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34024.679831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87630.988068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87630.988068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87630.988068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87630.988068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14057                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              708                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.854520                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       171961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       171964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       171964                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       221572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       222278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       222278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19388857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19388857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23138498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23138498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19411995498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19411995498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19411995498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19411995498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.354358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040897                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040897                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.345936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.345936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87505.898760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87505.898760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32774.076487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32774.076487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87332.059394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87332.059394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87332.059394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87332.059394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4476872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4476872                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1119218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1119218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1119218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1119218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1119218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1119218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1119218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1119218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1119218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1119218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1119218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    199841                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      246582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    199841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.233891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.001367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.998633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4057                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3754145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3754145                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1796                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1796                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               540                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   540                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         21906                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             21906                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                22446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    22446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               22446                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   22446                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             166                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 166                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       199667                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          199667                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             199833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 199833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            199833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                199833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16141000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      16141000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18802813000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18802813000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18818954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18818954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18818954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18818954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1796                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1796                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           706                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               706                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       221573                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        221573                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           222279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               222279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          222279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              222279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235127                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.235127                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.901134                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.901134                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.899019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.899019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.899019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.899019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97234.939759                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97234.939759                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94170.859481                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94170.859481                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94173.404793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94173.404793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94173.404793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94173.404793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  275                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       275                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            166                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199667                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       199667                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        199833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            199833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           199833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14481000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14481000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16806143000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16806143000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16820624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16820624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16820624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16820624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.901134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.901134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.899019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.899019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.899019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.899019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87234.939759                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87234.939759                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84170.859481                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84170.859481                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84173.404793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84173.404793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84173.404793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84173.404793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        399662                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199833                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             199667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           199554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               166                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              166                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        199667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       599495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       599495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 599495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12806912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12806912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12806912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            199833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  199833    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              199833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           471682500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1078769750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       444557                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       222278                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          486                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            221572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2071                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          420048                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       221573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       666835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                666835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14340736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14340736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          199841                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     17600                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           422120                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001180                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034327                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 421622     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    498      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             422120                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          224074500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         333417000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
