
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10900883705250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               53680881                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                100502970                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              129245921                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   118.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6341123599                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11872044382                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12696448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12696512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      8805120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         8805120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          198382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              198383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        137580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             137580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         831608163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             831612355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       576728993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            576728993                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       576728993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        831608163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1408341348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      198383                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     137580                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    198383                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   137580                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12696448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 8804928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12696512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              8805120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              8638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              8684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              8656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              8611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              8603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              8679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              8493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              8617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              8562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              8561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             8603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             8505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             8571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             8563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             8596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267279500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                198383                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               137580                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   47210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   8549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   8598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   8599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   8598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   8598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   8606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   8612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   8636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   8645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   8642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   8737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   8654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   8845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        91225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    235.684166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   137.734382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   295.468556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44438     48.71%     48.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22610     24.78%     73.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8388      9.19%     82.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2437      2.67%     85.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1193      1.31%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1787      1.96%     88.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1394      1.53%     90.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          660      0.72%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8318      9.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        91225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      23.071528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.926230                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     14.104773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          6745     78.45%     78.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          1515     17.62%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           233      2.71%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47             4      0.05%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55             7      0.08%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             6      0.07%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79             5      0.06%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             6      0.07%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             6      0.07%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            6      0.07%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            6      0.07%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            6      0.07%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            6      0.07%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            6      0.07%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            6      0.07%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            6      0.07%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            6      0.07%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-199            5      0.06%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::200-207            6      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::216-223           11      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          8598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.001047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000972                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.051713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8594     99.95%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          8598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4099609000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7819271500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  991910000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     20665.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39415.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       831.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       576.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    831.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    576.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.36                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   155030                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   89696                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 78.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                65.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      45443.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                328240080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                174448560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               708794940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              360080820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1070702880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           2149577730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             49400160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3589590960                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       182632800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        526691340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9140160270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            598.673888                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          10424916125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     26484750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     453262000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2077195500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    475584500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4362643250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7872174125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                323163540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                171750315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               707652540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              358071120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1046731920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2115851970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             43934880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3553578930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       169651680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        567193080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9057579975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            593.264939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10511990875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     21248000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     443086000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2278166625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    441765250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4290040750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7793037500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3527871                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3527871                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect               89                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3120836                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 271364                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 5                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3120836                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1492535                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1628301                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           23                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3716421                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2170568                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        34607                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1846240                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1846329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      14436668                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3527871                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1763899                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28688258                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                    202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1846240                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   12                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.997560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.441254                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                25419535     83.25%     83.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  456129      1.49%     84.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  247546      0.81%     85.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  381940      1.25%     86.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  254644      0.83%     87.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  645797      2.11%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  378301      1.24%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  160581      0.53%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2590215      8.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.115537                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.472796                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  879592                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25485623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2957535                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1211837                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   101                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              30457746                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   101                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1418696                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22516708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3526539                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3072644                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              30457281                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               476608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2132188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                    66                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           34091601                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             78172474                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        45245340                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             34083311                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                    8303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  7065743                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3716645                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2170819                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           107916                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           40008                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  30456473                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  3                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 30454200                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              100                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           6950                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         9535                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             3                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.997364                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.989008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           22034827     72.16%     72.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2026909      6.64%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1453831      4.76%     83.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1164720      3.81%     87.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             958297      3.14%     90.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             884758      2.90%     93.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             752679      2.46%     95.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             816919      2.68%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             441748      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 718945    100.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     1      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               68      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             24567070     80.67%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3716466     12.20%     92.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2170596      7.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              30454200                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.997364                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     718946                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.023607                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          92162134                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         30463438                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     30453908                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              31173078                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1025231                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          805                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          597                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            3                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   101                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                7014135                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               141165                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           30456476                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3716645                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2170819                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 1                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                102255                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            66                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           29                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                  95                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             30454039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3716421                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5886989                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3526979                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2170568                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.997359                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      30453956                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     30453908                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 21626447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 37406281                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.997354                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.578150                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts           6950                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts               89                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30533750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.997242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.512741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25832666     84.60%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       294100      0.96%     85.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102039      0.33%     85.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       540697      1.77%     87.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       222054      0.73%     88.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        42225      0.14%     88.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       261951      0.86%     89.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       245915      0.81%     90.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2992103      9.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30533750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            14431502                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              30449545                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5886073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3715852                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3526673                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 30449513                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              271278                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           32      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        24563440     80.67%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3715852     12.20%     92.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2170221      7.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         30449545                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2992103                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    57998142                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   60913912                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   14431502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     30449545                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.115836                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.115836                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.472626                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.472626                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                45238977                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               24756298                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 19845271                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 9331270                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               13077096                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           201734                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1668577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           201734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.271174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         19647210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        19647210                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2332700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2332700                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2170220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2170220                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4502920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4502920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4502920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4502920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       358448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       358448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       358449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        358449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       358449                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       358449                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30202313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30202313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        93500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        93500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30202406500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30202406500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30202406500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30202406500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2691148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2691148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2170221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2170221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4861369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4861369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4861369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4861369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.133195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.073734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.073734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84258.561911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84258.561911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        93500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        93500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84258.587693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84258.587693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84258.587693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84258.587693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          921                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   131.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       136806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           136806                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       201733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       201733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       201734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       201734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       201734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       201734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18290242000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18290242000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        92500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        92500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18290334500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18290334500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18290334500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18290334500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.074962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90665.592640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90665.592640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        92500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90665.601733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90665.601733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90665.601733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90665.601733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7384961                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7384961                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1846238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1846238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1846238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1846238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1846238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1846238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       132500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       132500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       132500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       132500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       132500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       132500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1846240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1846240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1846240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1846240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1846240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1846240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        66250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        66250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        66250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        66250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        66250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        66250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        90500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        90500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        90500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    198387                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      203738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    198387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.026973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.279460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.073772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.646768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11845                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3426147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3426147                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       136806                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           136806                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          3352                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              3352                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 3352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                3352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       198381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          198381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             198382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 198383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            198382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                198383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        91000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total         91000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        88500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17950598500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17950598500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17950689500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17950778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17950689500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17950778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       136806                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       136806                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       201733                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        201733                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           201734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               201735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          201734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              201735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983384                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.983384                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.983384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.983384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.983384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.983384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        91000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        91000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        88500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90485.472399                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90485.472399                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90485.474993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90485.464984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90485.474993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90485.464984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               137581                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    137581                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198381                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       198381                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        198382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            198383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           198383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        81000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        81000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        78500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15966778500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15966778500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        78500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15966859500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15966938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        78500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15966859500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15966938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.983384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.983384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        81000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        81000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        78500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80485.421991                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80485.421991                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        78500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80485.424585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80485.414577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        78500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80485.424585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80485.414577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        396767                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       198384                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       137580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            60804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        198382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       595151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       595151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 595151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21501696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     21501696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                21501696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            198383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  198383    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              198383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           990211500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1046441000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       403470                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       201735                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              2                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            201734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       274387                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          125734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       201733                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       605202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                605205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21666560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               21666688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          198387                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   8805184                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           400122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000005                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.002236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 400120    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             400122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          338542000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         302601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
