
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2885528039625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              102908162                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                190458269                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              286034614                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5492810126                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10165872800                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11282368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11282432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        81024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           81024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          176287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              176288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         738986945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             738991137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5307013                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5307013                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5307013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        738986945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            744298151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      176289                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1266                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    176289                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1266                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11271360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   11136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   81344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11282496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                81024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    174                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267369000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                176289                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1266                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  136058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   37623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        95919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    118.359199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.204470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.587211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47852     49.89%     49.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39835     41.53%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7247      7.56%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          810      0.84%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          114      0.12%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        95919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           79                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2241.253165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2159.978488                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    599.471465                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      1.27%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      3.80%      5.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            5      6.33%     11.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            5      6.33%     17.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            5      6.33%     24.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            6      7.59%     31.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            8     10.13%     41.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            5      6.33%     48.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            5      6.33%     54.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            7      8.86%     63.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            6      7.59%     70.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            4      5.06%     75.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            5      6.33%     82.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            5      6.33%     88.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            2      2.53%     91.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      1.27%     92.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      1.27%     93.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            2      2.53%     96.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            3      3.80%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            79                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           79                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.088608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.084063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.398390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               75     94.94%     94.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      1.27%     96.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      3.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            79                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4447160500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7749316750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  880575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25251.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44001.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       738.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         5.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    739.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    80399                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1070                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 45.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      85986.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    45.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350538300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186319320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               645177540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                4343040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1584882150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24795840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5220709800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       106839360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9328914390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.037147                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11727135750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    278389250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3020052500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11449238375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                334309080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                177693285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               612283560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2291580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1511906190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24714240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5261751510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       133812960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9264071445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            606.789981                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11888151500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9774000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    348480500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2859558625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11539671000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2018654                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2018654                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           106801                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1622930                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  95158                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             13967                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1622930                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            807246                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          815684                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        49225                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1068956                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     153001                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       195726                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2567                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1565211                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6388                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1619177                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6468711                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2018654                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            902404                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28696095                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 217734                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        53630                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1558824                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                19202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30480580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.428196                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.647997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28081348     92.13%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   47862      0.16%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  682782      2.24%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   70874      0.23%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  172858      0.57%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  117142      0.38%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  132151      0.43%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   48926      0.16%     96.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1126637      3.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30480580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.066110                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.211848                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  895987                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27805006                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1282163                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               388557                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                108867                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11115340                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                108867                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1036702                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26410914                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         26287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1445448                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1452362                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10617146                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                84317                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1178692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                182798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  4307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           12634161                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             28781254                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        14571287                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           110364                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              5011397                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7622765                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           600                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2306389                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1686538                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             216762                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            11358                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            9977                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9872477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              11827                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7518202                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            17089                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5749485                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10727611                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         11827                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30480580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.246655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.944386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27662271     90.75%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1022413      3.35%     94.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             570391      1.87%     95.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             405225      1.33%     97.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             378515      1.24%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             183651      0.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             144787      0.48%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              68321      0.22%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              45006      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30480580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  31752     73.37%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3479      8.04%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  6956     16.07%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  684      1.58%     99.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              393      0.91%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              12      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            38597      0.51%      0.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6105337     81.21%     81.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3327      0.04%     81.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                33547      0.45%     82.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              43256      0.58%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1121641     14.92%     97.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             163982      2.18%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           8487      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            28      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               7518202                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.246218                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      43276                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005756                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          45469457                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         15546136                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7132854                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             107892                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             87660                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        47895                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               7467226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  55655                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           13925                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1013676                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          385                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119921                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          123                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1195                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                108867                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23868039                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               276398                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            9884304                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1686538                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              216762                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4248                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21636                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                46841                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         49165                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        77893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              127058                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7335453                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1068183                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           182749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1221160                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  866779                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    152977                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.240233                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       7219908                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      7180749                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  5238040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  8706429                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.235167                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.601629                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5750145                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           108864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29641143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.139496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.735365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28023709     94.54%     94.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       679527      2.29%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       206504      0.70%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       453819      1.53%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        81796      0.28%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        55418      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16948      0.06%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12511      0.04%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       110911      0.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29641143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2076529                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               4134819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        769703                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       672862                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    655044                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     39548                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4094990                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               17125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        12033      0.29%      0.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3289089     79.55%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            685      0.02%     79.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           29637      0.72%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         33672      0.81%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         666986     16.13%     97.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         96841      2.34%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         5876      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          4134819                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               110911                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    39415196                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   20614100                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            454                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          54108                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2076529                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4134819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             14.704677                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       14.704677                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.068006                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.068006                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 8323863                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6191177                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    84001                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   42022                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4566649                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2157451                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3576503                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           297847                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             621138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           297847                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.085426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          625                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4867451                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4867451                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       522754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         522754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        95574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         95574                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       618328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          618328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       618328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         618328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       522806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       522806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1267                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       524073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        524073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       524073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       524073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33429930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33429930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    100628500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    100628500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33530558500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33530558500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33530558500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33530558500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1045560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1045560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        96841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        96841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1142401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1142401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1142401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1142401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.500025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013083                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.458747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.458747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.458747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.458747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63943.279151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63943.279151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79422.651934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79422.651934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63980.702116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63980.702116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63980.702116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63980.702116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        31502                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1085                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.034101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3105                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3105                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       226207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       226207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       226226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       226226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       226226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       226226                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       296599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       296599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       297847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       297847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       297847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       297847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18512951000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18512951000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     97787500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97787500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18610738500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18610738500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18610738500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18610738500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.283675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012887                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62417.442405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62417.442405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78355.368590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78355.368590                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62484.223444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62484.223444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62484.223444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62484.223444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   87                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6235298                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6235298                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1558822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1558822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1558822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1558822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1558822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1558822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1558824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1558824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1558824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1558824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1558824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1558824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        53000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        53000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        53000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       104000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       104000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       104000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        52000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        52000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        52000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    176325                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      410032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    176325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.325433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.217753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.070322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.711925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1012                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4940853                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4940853                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        121230                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            121230                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               121559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   121560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              121559                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  121560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             919                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 919                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       175369                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          175369                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             176288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 176289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            176288                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                176289                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     92329000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      92329000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16749503000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16749503000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16841832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16841921500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16841832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16841921500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1248                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1248                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       296599                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        296599                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           297847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               297849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          297847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              297849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.736378                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.736378                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.591266                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.591266                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.591874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.591874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.591874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.591874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100466.811752                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100466.811752                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95510.055939                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95510.055939                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95535.895807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95535.861568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95535.895807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95535.861568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1266                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1266                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           31                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            31                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          919                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            919                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       175369                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       175369                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        176288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            176289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       176288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           176289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     83139000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83139000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14995813000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14995813000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15078952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15079031500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15078952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15079031500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.736378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.736378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.591266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.591266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.591874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.591874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.591874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.591874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90466.811752                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90466.811752                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85510.055939                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85510.055939                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85535.895807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85535.861568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85535.895807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85535.861568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        352579                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       176290                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             175370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           175024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        175370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       528868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       528868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 528868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11363520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11363520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11363520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            176289                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  176289    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              176289                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           417591500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          956934000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       595698                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       297849                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          250                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             66                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           65                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            296601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          469801                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       296599                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       893541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                893547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19260928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19261184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          176325                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     81024                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           474174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000669                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025929                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 473858     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    315      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             474174                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          300956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         446770500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
