
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10946685737625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               61174322                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                114545076                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              146805577                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   104.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6361945891                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11912346065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       29195712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           29195776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     23776256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        23776256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          456183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              456184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        371504                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             371504                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1912298024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1912302216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1557327575                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1557327575                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1557327575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1912298024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3469629791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      456182                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     371504                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    456182                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   371504                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               29194752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                23775616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                29195648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             23776256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             28553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             27976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             28333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             28934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             28929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             28982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             28987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             28335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             28339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             28815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            28791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            28275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            27963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            28460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            28449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            28047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             23321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             22790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             23115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             23527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             23060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             23452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            23452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            23049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            22724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            23165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            23208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            22804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267419500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                456182                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               371504                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  138587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  140327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  114299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   62953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  11725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  19392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  23429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  24239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  24926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  25439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  25518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  25566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  25736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  25469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  25428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  27680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  33831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  25232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  23595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       496780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    106.625098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.680760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   117.005395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       399300     80.38%     80.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        48793      9.82%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21610      4.35%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        13396      2.70%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7096      1.43%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4041      0.81%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1737      0.35%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          607      0.12%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          200      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       496780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        23211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.652406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.468986                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.713012                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-9               1      0.00%      0.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10-11            12      0.05%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-13            51      0.22%      0.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15           912      3.93%      4.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17          4083     17.59%     21.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          6715     28.93%     50.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          6196     26.69%     77.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          3268     14.08%     91.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          1366      5.89%     97.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           436      1.88%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           130      0.56%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            30      0.13%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            10      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         23211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        23211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.005084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.004832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.093613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            23128     99.64%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               55      0.24%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               22      0.09%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         23211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  19006243250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             27559393250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2280840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     41665.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.01                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                60415.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1912.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1557.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1912.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1557.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        27.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    14.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   12.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       3.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   311965                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   18910                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 68.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 5.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      18445.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    39.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1781758440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                947030865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1635288480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              973947600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           4721688480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             25233600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2177782470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        27346080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            13495385055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            883.937962                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           4847214000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      7816250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     71132250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    9902453875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4776081750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1765300740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                938260620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1621765320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              965251080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           4726672560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             25162560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2174998590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        25564320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            13447670190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            880.812673                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           4836416000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8004000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     66488000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    9913324125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4769928000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1162549                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1162549                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            14963                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              987036                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    404                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         987036                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            340968                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          646068                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1159                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2945641                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     852002                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       124388                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           77                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     553713                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            564587                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5365733                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1162549                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            341372                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29953899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  30056                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          637                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   553713                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2730                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.311773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.422169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28885058     94.60%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  100314      0.33%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  101691      0.33%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  187718      0.61%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  198545      0.65%     96.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  104626      0.34%     96.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  125079      0.41%     97.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   63876      0.21%     97.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  767244      2.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.038073                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.175726                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  317501                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29035378                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   509869                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               656375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 15028                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9116231                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 15028                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  558134                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               20278690                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         25400                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   856280                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              8800619                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9030603                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               174664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2823046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               7459711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  4173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10638987                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24619150                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13551436                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              9802107                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  836890                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                79                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            81                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3918202                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1759232                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             882180                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           419219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          181378                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8922638                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                118                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  9961326                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9218                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         602642                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       940303                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.326236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.061661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26655474     87.30%     87.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1533204      5.02%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             739603      2.42%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             579492      1.90%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             456370      1.49%     98.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             240986      0.79%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             178349      0.58%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              95448      0.31%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              55225      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   5145      2.10%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      2.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                170096     69.55%     71.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                69339     28.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             6420      0.06%      0.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6141986     61.66%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2954704     29.66%     91.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             858216      8.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               9961326                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.326230                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     244580                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.024553                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          50710601                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9525465                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8658801                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10199486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          103812                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       101677                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80449                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1413320                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 15028                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               12950292                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4975008                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8922756                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1759232                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              882180                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                96                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                117300                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4785047                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         11073                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               17008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9928035                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2945641                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            33291                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     3797643                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1047782                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    852002                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.325140                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       8659467                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      8658801                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  6086532                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 10506657                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.283573                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.579302                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         603990                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            14963                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30445985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.273275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28644001     94.08%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       415324      1.36%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       144966      0.48%     95.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       394165      1.29%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32365      0.11%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22877      0.08%     97.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56558      0.19%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        36657      0.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       699072      2.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30445985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             4675762                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               8320119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       2459288                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1657555                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1027568                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  8316286                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3833      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         5856998     70.40%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1657555     19.92%     90.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        801733      9.64%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          8320119                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               699072                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38671022                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17936647                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             19                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            537                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4675762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8320119                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              6.530420                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        6.530420                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.153130                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.153130                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                15365156                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6753277                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5892889                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3399844                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                5930834                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           534547                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1219634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           534547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.281622                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          621                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         10108503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        10108503                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       622896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         622896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       800632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        800632                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1423528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1423528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1423528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1423528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       968860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       968860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       969961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        969961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       969961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       969961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85623045500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85623045500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    123434334                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    123434334                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85746479834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  85746479834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85746479834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  85746479834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1591756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1591756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       801733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       801733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2393489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2393489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2393489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2393489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.608674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.608674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.405250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.405250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.405250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.405250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88375.044382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88375.044382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112111.111717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112111.111717                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88401.987125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88401.987125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88401.987125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88401.987125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     19273560                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           363677                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    52.996368                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       448290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           448290                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       435414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       435414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       435414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       435414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       435414                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       435414                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       533446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       533446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       534547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       534547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       534547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       534547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52709371500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52709371500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    122333334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122333334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52831704834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52831704834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52831704834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52831704834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.335131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.223334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.223334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98809.198119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98809.198119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111111.111717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111111.111717                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98834.536222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98834.536222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98834.536222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98834.536222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1044596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs              1044596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2214853                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2214853                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       553712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         553712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       553712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          553712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       553712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         553712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       146000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       146000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       146000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       146000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       146000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       146000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       553713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       553713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       553713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       553713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       553713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       553713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       146000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       146000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       146000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       146000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       146000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       146000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       145000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    456184                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      600162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    456184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.315614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.042462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.039887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.917651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        12386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   9008600                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  9008600                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       448290                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           448290                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         78338                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             78338                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                78366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    78366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               78366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   78366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1073                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1073                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       455108                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          455108                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             456181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 456182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            456181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                456182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120099500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     120099500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       143500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       143500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50981712500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  50981712500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       143500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  51101812000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      51101955500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       143500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  51101812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     51101955500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       448290                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       448290                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       533446                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        533446                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           534547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               534548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          534547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              534548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974569                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.974569                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.853147                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.853147                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.853397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.853398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.853397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.853398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111928.704567                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111928.704567                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       143500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       143500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112021.130149                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112021.130149                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       143500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112020.912752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112020.981757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       143500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112020.912752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112020.981757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               371505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    371505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1073                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1073                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       455108                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       455108                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        456181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            456182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       456181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           456182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    109369500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109369500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       133500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  46430622500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46430622500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       133500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  46539992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46540125500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       133500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  46539992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46540125500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.853147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.853147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.853397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.853398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.853397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.853398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101928.704567                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101928.704567                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       133500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       133500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102021.108177                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102021.108177                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       133500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102020.890831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102020.959836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       133500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102020.890831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102020.959836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        912364                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       456182                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             455111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       371504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            84678                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1073                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        455109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1368548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1368548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1368548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     52972032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     52972032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                52972032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            456182                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  456182    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              456182                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          2489901500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization              16.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2403086250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             15.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1069096                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       534548                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           44                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            533447                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       819795                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          170936                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       533446                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1603641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1603644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     62901568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               62901696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          456184                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  23776320                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           990732                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000052                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.007245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 990680     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     52      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             990732                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          982839000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         801820500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
