
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               381683603125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2645428                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4994922                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               46858926                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   325.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   861920255                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1627420900                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         255936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             256128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       228288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          228288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3567                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3567                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16763623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16776199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14952699                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14952699                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14952699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16763623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31728898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4002                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3567                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4002                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3567                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 256128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  228544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  256128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               228288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15271386000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4002                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3567                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    104.666955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.872418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   145.747673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4025     86.93%     86.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          258      5.57%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          108      2.33%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           66      1.43%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           40      0.86%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           42      0.91%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      0.73%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      0.63%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           28      0.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.010000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.818340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.222081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             6      3.00%      3.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            91     45.50%     48.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            76     38.00%     86.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            11      5.50%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            10      5.00%     97.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             2      1.00%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             3      1.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-49             1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           200                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.855000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.847102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.515074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               14      7.00%      7.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.50%      7.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              185     92.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    310655500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               385693000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     77625.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                96375.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       82                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2860                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  2.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2017622.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 19856340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10550100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                17307360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               10847160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1181338080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            439466580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             45911520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3265481550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1951509120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        590608140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7534118070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            493.479285                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14175988250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     71785500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     501256000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1938078500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5082084750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     512848250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7161291125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 13209000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  7020750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                11266920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7793460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         977892240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            365880720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             44627040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2255873610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1825237920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1249820520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6759254670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            442.726293                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14346320750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     78804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     415208000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4647029000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4753184250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     426001000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4947117875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13249130                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13249130                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1058915                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11106078                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 978570                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            206562                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11106078                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3710280                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7395798                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       759877                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10034583                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7550412                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       124577                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        40777                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8999484                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15170                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9706616                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59725682                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13249130                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4688850                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19685672                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2135316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        66031                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8984314                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               261763                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.739457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.574207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12311430     40.32%     40.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  854369      2.80%     43.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1260226      4.13%     47.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1438495      4.71%     51.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1125649      3.69%     55.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1125089      3.68%     59.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1045756      3.42%     62.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  897955      2.94%     65.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10475446     34.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433904                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.955995                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8645682                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4187134                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15692077                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               941864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1067658                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108712106                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1067658                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9401147                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3179949                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15702                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15814566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1055393                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103722698                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 68829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    52                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                928547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110386615                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261271666                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155835893                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3174697                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69556625                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                40829956                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1109                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1441                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   962943                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11890488                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8918330                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           482972                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          197016                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93675205                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              57917                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83789925                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           440632                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28645922                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41652311                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         57893                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.744114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.518723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9620549     31.51%     31.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2857089      9.36%     40.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3124850     10.23%     51.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3145820     10.30%     61.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3191223     10.45%     71.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2794486      9.15%     81.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3122411     10.23%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1650008      5.40%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1027979      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 808467     73.55%     73.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14349      1.31%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                101160      9.20%     84.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                86416      7.86%     91.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              520      0.05%     91.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           88244      8.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           506605      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63508942     75.80%     76.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               75591      0.09%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87751      0.10%     76.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1169847      1.40%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10173609     12.14%     90.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7593989      9.06%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         391602      0.47%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        281989      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83789925                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.744090                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1099156                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013118                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         195709126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119315804                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78356335                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3944922                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3064307                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1789353                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82391838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1990638                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1269249                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4095774                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10553                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2598                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2537787                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           91                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1067658                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3234121                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3651                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93733122                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            18437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11890488                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8918330                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20507                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    94                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3722                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2598                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        298428                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1101117                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1399545                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81264629                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10027905                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2525291                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17571032                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8820086                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7543127                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.661387                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80732770                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80145688                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56015749                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87808813                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.624742                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637929                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28646780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1066984                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26234232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.481002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.741825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9216890     35.13%     35.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3821878     14.57%     49.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2667833     10.17%     59.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3626349     13.82%     73.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1137057      4.33%     78.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1166187      4.45%     82.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       820379      3.13%     85.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       472118      1.80%     87.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3305541     12.60%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26234232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34367864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65087182                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14175252                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7794711                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7570328                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1324875                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64091964                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              470656                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       263853      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49514920     76.07%     76.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55245      0.08%     76.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77112      0.12%     76.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1000800      1.54%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7514723     11.55%     89.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6380541      9.80%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       279988      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65087182                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3305541                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116662653                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191849864                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             30                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            273                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34367864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65087182                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.888466                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.888466                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.125535                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.125535                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               117583008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62798258                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2522358                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1245075                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41067834                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21477266                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35706723                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5066                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             653504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           128.998026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60103526                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60103526                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8636931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8636931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6380343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6380343                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15017274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15017274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15017274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15017274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3416                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3416                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7341                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    238439500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    238439500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    477208000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    477208000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    715647500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    715647500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    715647500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    715647500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8640856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8640856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6383759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6383759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15024615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15024615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15024615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15024615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60748.917197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60748.917197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 139697.892272                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139697.892272                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97486.377878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97486.377878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97486.377878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97486.377878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3841                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136047500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136047500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    472366000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    472366000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    608413500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    608413500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    608413500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    608413500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81612.177564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81612.177564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 138931.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138931.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120073.712256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120073.712256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 120073.712256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120073.712256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             786538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           516.779238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35938779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35938779                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8982709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8982709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8982709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8982709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8982709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8982709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     21569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     21569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8984314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8984314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8984314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8984314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8984314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8984314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13438.629283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13438.629283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13438.629283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13438.629283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13438.629283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13438.629283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           82                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           82                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19554000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19554000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19554000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19554000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12839.133290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12839.133290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12839.133290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12839.133290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12839.133290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12839.133290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4010                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.321696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.958504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.594147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16305.447349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    109354                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   109354                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3841                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3841                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1522                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1522                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1519                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1519                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1062                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1062                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3395                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3395                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          604                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             604                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3999                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    467272000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     467272000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1317000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1317000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    122247500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    122247500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1317000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    589519500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        590836500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1317000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    589519500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       590836500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3841                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3841                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1522                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1522                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1522                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1522                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998529                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001971                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001971                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.362545                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.362545                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.789380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.607468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.789380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.607468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137635.346097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137635.346097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       439000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       439000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 202396.523179                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202396.523179                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       439000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 147416.729182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 147635.307346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       439000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 147416.729182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 147635.307346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3567                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3567                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3395                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3395                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          604                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          604                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    433322000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    433322000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1287000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1287000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    116207500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116207500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1287000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    549529500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    550816500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    549529500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    550816500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.362545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.789380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.607468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.789380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.607468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 127635.346097                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127635.346097                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       429000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       429000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 192396.523179                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192396.523179                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       429000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137416.729182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137635.307346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       429000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137416.729182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137635.307346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8011                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4011                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       484416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       484416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  484416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4003    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            23286000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22041750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13178                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6586                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7408                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1522                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1668                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3400                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3400                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1523                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 19767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       194816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       570048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 764864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4011                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    228352                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10600                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002075                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.045512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10578     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     22      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10600                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11952000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2284999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7599999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
