
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5709986702750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               98622505                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                183169028                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              261870981                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    58.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5749788953                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10678937562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12512320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12512576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        27072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           27072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         819547912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             819564680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1773196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1773196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1773196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        819547912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            821337876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195510                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        423                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195510                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      423                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12509504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   26688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12512640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                27072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     49                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267322500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195510                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  423                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.714339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.582937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.267248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41861     42.98%     42.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44524     45.72%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9465      9.72%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1335      1.37%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          164      0.17%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7538.884615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7303.269788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1812.107112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      3.85%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.85%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.85%     11.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            3     11.54%     23.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      3.85%     26.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      3.85%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      7.69%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            7     26.92%     65.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     11.54%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3     11.54%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      3.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.038462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.037351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.196116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               25     96.15%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      3.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4793728500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8458622250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  977305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24525.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43275.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       819.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    819.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98121                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     361                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77921.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349924260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185981565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               702761640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2103660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1641478020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24448320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5186943000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        87962880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9386912385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.835973                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11604409125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9404000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    229072750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3143569250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11375438125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345483180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183605895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               692829900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                  73080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1621226490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24087840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5182202310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       109369440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9363572535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.307230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11648841250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9618000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    285163500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3099284875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11363677750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1445666                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1445666                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            62816                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1103669                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  48882                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7401                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1103669                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            605593                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          498076                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        19482                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     704716                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      51085                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       142596                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          862                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1180042                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4741                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1209191                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4290694                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1445666                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            654475                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29159533                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 128780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3533                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        43118                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1175301                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30480853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.283619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.344784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28826733     94.57%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   16453      0.05%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  575989      1.89%     96.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   26846      0.09%     96.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  118172      0.39%     96.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   73644      0.24%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   81938      0.27%     97.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25193      0.08%     97.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  735885      2.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30480853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047345                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.140519                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  596052                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28750947                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   774968                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               294496                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 64390                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7043486                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 64390                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  684924                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27402219                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         25979                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   905877                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1397464                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6739678                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               106084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                995170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                365869                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   507                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8041524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18672917                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8902898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            34495                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2873975                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5167548                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           428                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1902451                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1205339                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              74697                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3324                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4540                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6394077                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4286                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4643557                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5972                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4002653                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8052707                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4286                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30480853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.152343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.712370                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28561476     93.70%     93.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             771962      2.53%     96.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             407908      1.34%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             275806      0.90%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             265550      0.87%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              83708      0.27%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              71352      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              25219      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17872      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30480853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10674     65.17%     65.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1040      6.35%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4293     26.21%     97.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  253      1.54%     99.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               90      0.55%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              29      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            16851      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3811541     82.08%     82.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1106      0.02%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9406      0.20%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              13189      0.28%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              734036     15.81%     98.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              54974      1.18%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2368      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            86      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4643557                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.152075                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      16379                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003527                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39757530                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10372582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4452593                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              32788                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             28440                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14533                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4626230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  16855                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4706                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       757196                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          166                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        47064                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           36                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1291                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 64390                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25211384                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               295165                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6398363                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1205339                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               74697                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1644                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15572                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                99909                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         34521                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        36922                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               71443                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4560176                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               704438                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            83381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      755509                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  550177                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     51071                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.149344                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4482979                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4467126                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3254965                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5207276                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.146297                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.625080                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4003560                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            64388                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29908419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.080102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.521255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28865346     96.51%     96.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       480377      1.61%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       117268      0.39%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       313866      1.05%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53861      0.18%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27791      0.09%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5194      0.02%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4092      0.01%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        40624      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29908419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1199576                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2395710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        475776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       448143                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    427499                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     11028                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2384521                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4875                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3353      0.14%      0.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1898807     79.26%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            195      0.01%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            8147      0.34%     79.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          9432      0.39%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         446547     18.64%     98.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         27633      1.15%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1596      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2395710                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                40624                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36267065                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13372332                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            417                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          53835                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1199576                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2395710                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.454567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.454567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.039286                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.039286                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4676469                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3871983                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    25708                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12781                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2891468                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1262016                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2380309                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           232449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             310063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           232449                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.333897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3125977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3125977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       283600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         283600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        26706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         26706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       310306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          310306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       310306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         310306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       412149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       412149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       413076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        413076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       413076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       413076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34464086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34464086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36418999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36418999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34500504999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34500504999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34500504999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34500504999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       695749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       695749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        27633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27633                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       723382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       723382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       723382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       723382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.592382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.592382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033547                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033547                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.571034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.571034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.571034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.571034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83620.452797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83620.452797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39286.946063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39286.946063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83520.962242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83520.962242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83520.962242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83520.962242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20654                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              830                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.884337                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2201                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       180626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       180626                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       232450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       232450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19277657500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19277657500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34951499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34951499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19312608999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19312608999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19312608999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19312608999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.332779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033257                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033257                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.321338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.321338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83261.669064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83261.669064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38032.099021                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38032.099021                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83082.852222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83082.852222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83082.852222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83082.852222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              54439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         13609.750000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4701208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4701208                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1175297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1175297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1175297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1175297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1175297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1175297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1175301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1175301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1175301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1175301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1175301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1175301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       105750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       105750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       105750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       104750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       104750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       104750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195525                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      268595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.373712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.182699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.181210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.636091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3912509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3912509                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2201                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2201                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         36285                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             36285                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                36944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    36944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               36944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   36944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             260                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 260                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195246                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195246                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195510                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26376500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      26376500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       413000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       413000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18522988000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18522988000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18549364500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18549777500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18549364500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18549777500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2201                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2201                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           919                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               919                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       231531                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        231531                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           232450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               232454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          232450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              232454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282916                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.282916                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.843282                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.843282                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.841067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.841070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.841067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.841070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101448.076923                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101448.076923                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94869.999898                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94869.999898                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94878.747967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94878.919237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94878.747967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94878.919237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  423                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       423                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          260                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            260                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195246                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195246                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23776500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23776500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       373000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       373000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16570538000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16570538000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16594314500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16594687500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16594314500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16594687500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.843282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.843282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.841067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.841070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.841067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.841070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91448.076923                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91448.076923                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84870.051115                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84870.051115                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84878.799116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84878.970385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84878.799116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84878.970385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        391011                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195509                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195078                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               260                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              260                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       586520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       586520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 586520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12539648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12539648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12539648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195510    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           462238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1056451750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       464907                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       232453                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          534                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             24                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           22                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            231534                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2624                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          425350                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       231531                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       697348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                697360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15017600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15018112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195525                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     27072                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           427979                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001308                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 427421     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    556      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             427979                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          234658500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         348673500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
