
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10992487770000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               39894093                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 74738904                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               95064374                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   160.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6406992260                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   12003071119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       14790656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           14790720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9274688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9274688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          231104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              231105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        144917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             144917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         968777273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             968781464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       607485357                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            607485357                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       607485357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        968777273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1576266822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      231105                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     144917                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    231105                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   144917                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               14790720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9274304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                14790720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9274688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             14567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             14701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             14455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             14481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             14604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             14579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             14472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             14562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             14355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             14372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            14294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            14287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            14324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            14307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            14375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            14370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              8995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              8992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             8940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             8916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             8938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             8918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267344000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                231105                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               144917                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  144876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   25037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   16640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   8562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   8899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        74783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    321.789498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.492321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   372.202616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        29691     39.70%     39.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21592     28.87%     68.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2557      3.42%     71.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1840      2.46%     74.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1590      2.13%     76.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1487      1.99%     78.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1440      1.93%     80.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1735      2.32%     82.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12851     17.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        74783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      25.522868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.303252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     24.059488                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            789      8.72%      8.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          6871     75.91%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31            77      0.85%     85.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39            43      0.48%     85.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            42      0.46%     86.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55            75      0.83%     87.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           122      1.35%     88.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           192      2.12%     90.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           217      2.40%     93.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           168      1.86%     94.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           147      1.62%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103          123      1.36%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           76      0.84%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           58      0.64%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           22      0.24%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135           14      0.15%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            6      0.07%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            6      0.07%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            3      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008198                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.136366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9009     99.52%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               16      0.18%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               18      0.20%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                9      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   5776439750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             10109658500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1155525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24994.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43744.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       968.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       607.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    968.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    607.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        12.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.58                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   191174                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  110052                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 82.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                75.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      40602.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    80.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                268828140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                142877955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               831245940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              382244940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         952077360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           2047755780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             51444000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2842158510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       263189760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        933086340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8715123495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            570.834287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          10641817375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     34413500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     403184000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3724013000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    685467000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4187886500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6232380125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                265172460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                140923530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               818843760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              374190480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         946545600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2030557740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             50968800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2820201540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       261618720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        956629860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8665865550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            567.607927                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10681331125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     35656500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     400880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3815207625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    681305250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4149469000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6184825750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3338878                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3338878                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            51994                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2672686                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  47858                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                96                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2672686                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1749482                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          923204                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1960                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4377211                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2056102                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        49313                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        15791                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2411621                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2438569                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      14575363                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3338878                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1797340                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28042589                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 104088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          284                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2411621                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                17472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.888166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.280889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                25828669     84.59%     84.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  433694      1.42%     86.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  110353      0.36%     86.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  297638      0.97%     87.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  623382      2.04%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  678461      2.22%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  296429      0.97%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  211798      0.69%     93.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2053062      6.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.109347                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.477338                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1472535                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25091140                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  3303360                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               614407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 52044                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              26268336                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 52044                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1745369                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               23531260                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          4300                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3610198                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1590315                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              26005928                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                95000                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1336901                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 52718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           30654529                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             68574397                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        37794475                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups              206                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             24446368                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6208101                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                42                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            41                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3683080                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3999652                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2189901                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           253205                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           39003                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  25556090                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                547                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 24885042                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           116539                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4510320                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6424399                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           520                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.815008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.908710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24164920     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1135750      3.72%     82.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1210626      3.96%     86.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             927246      3.04%     89.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             550955      1.80%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             751472      2.46%     94.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             599464      1.96%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             556086      1.82%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             636967      2.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 493188     52.76%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     52.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                306366     32.77%     85.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               135234     14.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            53206      0.21%      0.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             18354727     73.76%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 74      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     73.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4400549     17.68%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2076486      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              24885042                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.814976                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     934788                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.037564                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          81354735                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         30066781                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     23928509                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               250                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           73                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              25766543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     81                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1027593                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       714942                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       299044                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       690364                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 52044                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               20926890                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               254292                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           25556637                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              197                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3999652                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2189901                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                178818                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                46833                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40332                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        40002                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               80334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             24773642                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4377203                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           111400                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     6433302                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2771850                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2056099                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.811328                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      23989885                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     23928582                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 17931729                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 30360140                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.783652                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.590634                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4510446                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             27                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            51994                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29937656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.703003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.089105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26119412     87.25%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       373796      1.25%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       505511      1.69%     90.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       528684      1.77%     91.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       116604      0.39%     92.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29255      0.10%     92.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       284392      0.95%     93.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        83666      0.28%     93.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1896336      6.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29937656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            11336690                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              21046263                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5175570                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3284716                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         18                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2571912                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 20999246                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               45951                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        46999      0.22%      0.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        15823694     75.19%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3284716     15.61%     91.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1890854      8.98%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         21046263                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1896336                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    53598029                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   51710813                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              6                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1203                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   11336690                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     21046263                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.693440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.693440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.371272                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.371272                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                35465083                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               19084411                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      113                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                      73                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 15664731                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 8986148                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               12354367                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           231761                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3403261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           231761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.684356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         18338209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        18338209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2133456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2133456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1890828                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1890828                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4024284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4024284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4024284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4024284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       502302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       502302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       502328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        502328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       502328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       502328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  43758908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43758908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1809999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1809999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  43760717999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  43760717999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  43760717999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  43760717999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2635758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2635758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1890854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1890854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4526612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4526612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4526612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4526612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.190572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.190572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87116.730572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87116.730572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69615.346154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69615.346154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87115.824718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87115.824718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87115.824718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87115.824718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3553950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            59591                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.639039                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       132543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           132543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       270566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       270566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       270566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       270566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       270566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       270566                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       231762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       231762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22319994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22319994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1783999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1783999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22321777999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22321777999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22321777999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22321777999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96316.472192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96316.472192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68615.346154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68615.346154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96313.364568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96313.364568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96313.364568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96313.364568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9646485                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9646485                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2411620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2411620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2411620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2411620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2411620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2411620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       271000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       271000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2411621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2411621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2411621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2411621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2411621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2411621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       271000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       271000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       271000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       271000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       271000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       271000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       270000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       270000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       270000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       270000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       270000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       270000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    231106                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      232504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    231106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.006049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.783722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.049387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.166891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        13736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3939306                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3939306                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       132543                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           132543                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           652                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               652                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data              20                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  20                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       231084                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          231084                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             231104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 231105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            231104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                231105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1678500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1678500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       268500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       268500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21958391000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  21958391000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       268500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21960069500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      21960338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       268500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21960069500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     21960338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       132543                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       132543                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data            26                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                26                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       231736                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        231736                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           231762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               231763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          231762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              231763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.769231                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.769231                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997186                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997186                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.997161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.997161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        83925                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        83925                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       268500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       268500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95023.415728                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95023.415728                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       268500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95022.455258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95023.205902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       268500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95022.455258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95023.205902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               144917                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    144917                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             20                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231084                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       231084                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        231104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            231105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           231105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1478500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1478500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       258500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       258500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19647561000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19647561000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       258500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19649039500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19649298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       258500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19649039500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19649298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.769231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        73925                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        73925                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       258500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       258500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85023.459002                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85023.459002                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       258500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85022.498529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85023.249172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       258500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85022.498529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85023.249172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        462200                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       231095                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             231084                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       144917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            86178                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                20                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               20                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        231085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       693304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       693304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 693304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24065344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     24065344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24065344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            231105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  231105    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              231105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1107957500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               7.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1213498250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       463525                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       231762                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            231736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       277460                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          185407                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               26                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              26                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       231736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       695284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                695287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     23315456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               23315584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          231106                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9274688                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           462869                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 462853    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     16      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             462869                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          364306500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         347641500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
