
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3862638063625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              125912689                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                233366125                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              343604524                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5594663433                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10369131036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12195840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12195840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        40832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           40832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          190560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              190560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                638                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         798818701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             798818701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2674466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2674466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2674466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        798818701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            801493167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      190560                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        638                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    190560                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      638                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12189760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   39936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12195840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                40832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     95                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267389000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                190560                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  638                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.006582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.592351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.502401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44306     45.29%     45.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43519     44.48%     89.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8690      8.88%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1129      1.15%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          147      0.15%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4764.025641                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4645.106934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1007.725853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      2.56%      2.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.56%      5.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      2.56%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      2.56%     10.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      2.56%     12.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4     10.26%     23.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5     12.82%     35.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      7.69%     43.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            5     12.82%     56.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      5.13%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            5     12.82%     74.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      5.13%     79.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            4     10.26%     89.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            2      5.13%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.56%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      2.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               39    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4615402250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8186621000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  952325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24232.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42982.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       798.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    798.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92722                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     531                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79851.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                355993260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                189214905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               694008000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2014920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1650765600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24594240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5126769240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       130668000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9379337205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.339805                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11582179000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10386000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    340753750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3164314250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11242030125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                342555780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182072715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               665912100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1242360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1593097560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24093120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5159701560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       151999200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9325983435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.845171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11710532500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9582000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    396169500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3037351250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11314381375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1369502                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1369502                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            61791                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1076571                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  51470                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7216                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1076571                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            570809                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          505762                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        24462                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     725964                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      73002                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       153928                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1224                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1109828                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4829                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1139076                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4184151                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1369502                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            622279                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29229962                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 126580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1034                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        44572                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1104999                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8821                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      3                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30479586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.276655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.328793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28873671     94.73%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   23062      0.08%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  528769      1.73%     96.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   35960      0.12%     96.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  119762      0.39%     97.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   70842      0.23%     97.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   91739      0.30%     97.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26081      0.09%     97.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  709700      2.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30479586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.044851                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.137029                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  575584                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28778350                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   758471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               303891                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 63290                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7082698                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 63290                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  672006                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27546767                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13748                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   894463                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1289312                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6793500                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                70523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1021883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                200108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8107139                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18681419                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9112231                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            49370                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3326267                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4780871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               217                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           283                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1919612                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1154006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             103741                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5580                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5126                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6413031                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5704                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4852699                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8505                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3664841                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7142006                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5704                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30479586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.159211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.734570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28481815     93.45%     93.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             815074      2.67%     96.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             420272      1.38%     97.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             290283      0.95%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             244166      0.80%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              95099      0.31%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              78183      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              32577      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22117      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30479586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  15204     70.24%     70.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1542      7.12%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4363     20.16%     97.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  380      1.76%     99.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              131      0.61%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              25      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            19873      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3959068     81.58%     81.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1558      0.03%     82.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                14952      0.31%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20194      0.42%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              755427     15.57%     98.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              77995      1.61%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3562      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            70      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4852699                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.158924                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      21645                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004460                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40165577                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10045051                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4645744                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              49557                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             38538                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        22637                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4828944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  25527                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7510                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       667898                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          220                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        60022                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           60                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1175                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 63290                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25547849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               262893                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6418735                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1154006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              103741                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2050                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15427                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                56944                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30410                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        41466                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               71876                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4759774                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               725624                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            92925                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      798614                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  592300                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     72990                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.155881                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4687707                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4668381                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3343915                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5554782                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.152888                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.601989                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3665448                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            63281                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29952018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.091944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.571030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28788188     96.11%     96.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       517789      1.73%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       143310      0.48%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       352012      1.18%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50061      0.17%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        30638      0.10%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7321      0.02%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5503      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        57196      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29952018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1381966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2753894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        529827                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       486108                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    470286                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     18420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2735754                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7725                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5408      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2189485     79.51%     79.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            309      0.01%     79.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           13289      0.48%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         15576      0.57%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         483264     17.55%     98.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         43719      1.59%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2844      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2753894                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                57196                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36314164                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13368192                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            446                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          55102                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1381966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2753894                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.095108                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.095108                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.045259                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.045259                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5188209                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4015053                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    39528                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19752                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3146676                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1403525                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2425957                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           242314                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             337063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           242314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.391017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3271598                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3271598                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       292102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         292102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        42695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         42695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       334797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          334797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       334797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         334797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       421500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       421500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       422524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        422524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       422524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       422524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33309508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33309508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     50980998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     50980998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33360488998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33360488998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33360488998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33360488998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       713602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       713602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        43719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        43719                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       757321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       757321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       757321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       757321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.590665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.590665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023422                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023422                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.557919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.557919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.557919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.557919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79026.116251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79026.116251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49786.130859                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49786.130859                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78955.252241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78955.252241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78955.252241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78955.252241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18943                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           38                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              728                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.020604                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           38                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2343                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2343                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       180210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       180210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       241302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       242314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       242314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18910485500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18910485500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48961998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48961998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18959447498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18959447498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18959447498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18959447498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.338146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023148                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023148                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.319962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.319962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78368.540252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78368.540252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 48381.420949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48381.420949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78243.302071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78243.302071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78243.302071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78243.302071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4419996                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4419996                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1104999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1104999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1104999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1104999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1104999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1104999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1104999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1104999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1104999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1104999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1104999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1104999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    190568                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      290037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    190568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.521961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.795774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.204226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5068                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4065608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4065608                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               610                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   610                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         51145                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             51145                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                51755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    51755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               51755                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   51755                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             402                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 402                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190157                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190157                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             190559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 190559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            190559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                190559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40772000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      40772000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17981889000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17981889000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18022661000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18022661000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18022661000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18022661000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1012                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1012                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       241302                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        241302                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           242314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               242314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          242314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              242314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.397233                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.397233                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.788046                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.788046                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.786413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.786413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.786413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.786413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101422.885572                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101422.885572                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94563.381837                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94563.381837                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94577.852529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94577.852529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94577.852529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94577.852529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  638                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       638                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          402                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            402                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190157                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190157                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        190559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            190559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           190559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36752000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36752000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16080319000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16080319000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16117071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16117071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16117071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16117071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.397233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.788046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.788046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.786413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.786413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.786413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.786413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91422.885572                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91422.885572                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84563.381837                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84563.381837                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84577.852529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84577.852529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84577.852529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84577.852529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        381112                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       190560                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190157                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          638                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           189914                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               402                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              402                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       571671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       571671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 571671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12236608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12236608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12236608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            190560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  190560    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              190560                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           451703000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1031526750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       484628                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       242316                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          482                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             21                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           20                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            241302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          429901                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1012                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1012                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       241302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       726942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                726942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15658048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15658048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          190568                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     40832                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           432882                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034237                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 432377     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    504      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             432882                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          244657000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         363471000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
