
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7679474094875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              110468115                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                205565699                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              285825212                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5900648839                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10980283316                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12640384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12640384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        21760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           21760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           340                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                340                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         827936011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             827936011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1425264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1425264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1425264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        827936011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            829361276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197507                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        340                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197507                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      340                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12637120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   21504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12640448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                21760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     52                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267412500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197507                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  340                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.809500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.540780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.711604                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41084     42.13%     42.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45151     46.30%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9683      9.93%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1380      1.42%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          180      0.18%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9425.523810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9187.714554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2113.333022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.76%      4.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.76%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      4.76%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     14.29%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            5     23.81%     52.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      9.52%     61.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      9.52%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      9.52%     80.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2      9.52%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      4.76%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      4.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               21    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4797520750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8499802000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  987275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24296.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43046.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       827.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    827.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99983                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     291                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77167.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349595820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185784225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               708823500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 756900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1648296360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24489120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5156906280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       107454240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9386800845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.828668                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11588972250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9624000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509665000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    279820250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3158574250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11309660625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346675560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184273815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               701005200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 997020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1633572690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24424320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5185137810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        96163680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9377559135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.223342                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11619887000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9426000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    250105000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3128171125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11369782000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1388878                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1388878                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            53383                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1065619                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  32336                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1065619                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            602906                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          462713                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        16609                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     641895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      39017                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138967                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          619                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1180914                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2890                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1204790                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3978813                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1388878                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            635242                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29215339                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 108624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        26474                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            2                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1178024                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5766                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30503937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.261836                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.288931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28932754     94.85%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   19543      0.06%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  598820      1.96%     96.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19395      0.06%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  112641      0.37%     97.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   45561      0.15%     97.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   75614      0.25%     97.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17262      0.06%     97.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  682347      2.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30503937                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.045485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.130305                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  573947                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28864031                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   727369                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               284278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 54312                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6562263                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 54312                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  653731                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27746432                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          7856                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   858399                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1183207                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6312041                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                44344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                969494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                164571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                    75                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7535957                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17649149                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8207401                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29619                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2762450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4773505                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               178                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           230                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1826718                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1151529                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              56382                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3655                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3322                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6018462                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3178                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4282252                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4423                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3718466                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7998329                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3178                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30503937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.140384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.676065                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28695368     94.07%     94.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             744310      2.44%     96.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             385170      1.26%     97.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             255515      0.84%     98.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             261379      0.86%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              68035      0.22%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              59160      0.19%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              19594      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15406      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30503937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8205     68.51%     68.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  892      7.45%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2557     21.35%     97.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  214      1.79%     99.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               97      0.81%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              12      0.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            12799      0.30%      0.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3540444     82.68%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 769      0.02%     82.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7518      0.18%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10971      0.26%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              665645     15.54%     98.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              42041      0.98%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2037      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            28      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4282252                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.140242                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11977                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39057623                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9714780                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4122258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              27219                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             25328                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11914                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4267392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14038                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3605                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       714747                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        34592                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           16                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1438                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 54312                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26188479                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               236127                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6021640                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3127                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1151529                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               56382                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15078                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                36326                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         29734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        29980                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               59714                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4216095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               641678                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            66158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      680687                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  510953                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     39009                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.138076                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4145818                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4134172                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3031049                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4791662                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.135393                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.632567                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3718911                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            54311                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29985377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.076810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.505016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28968681     96.61%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       472915      1.58%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       112759      0.38%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       308857      1.03%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        51881      0.17%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26197      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4849      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3337      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35901      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29985377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1152674                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2303174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        458572                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       436782                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    417165                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8678                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2294351                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3850                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2645      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1827953     79.37%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            154      0.01%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6422      0.28%     79.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7428      0.32%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         435532     18.91%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         21790      0.95%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1250      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2303174                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                35901                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35971561                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12563916                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            230                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          30751                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1152674                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2303174                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.490307                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.490307                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037750                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037750                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4140258                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3588015                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    21233                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10582                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2702720                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1134686                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2241313                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           229457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             250748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           229457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.092789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          879                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2854185                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2854185                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       228389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         228389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        20945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       249334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          249334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       249334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         249334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       406003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       406003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          845                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          845                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       406848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        406848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       406848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       406848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34540072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34540072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30870997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     30870997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34570942997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34570942997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34570942997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34570942997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       634392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       634392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        21790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       656182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       656182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       656182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       656182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.639988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.639988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.620023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.620023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.620023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.620023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85073.440344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85073.440344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36533.724260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36533.724260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84972.626133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84972.626133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84972.626133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84972.626133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19057                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              912                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.895833                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       177388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       177392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       177392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       228615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       229456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       229456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19369481000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19369481000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29665497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29665497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19399146497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19399146497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19399146497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19399146497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.360369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038596                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038596                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.349683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.349683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84725.328609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84725.328609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35274.074911                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35274.074911                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84544.080333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84544.080333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84544.080333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84544.080333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4712096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4712096                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1178024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1178024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1178024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1178024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1178024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1178024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1178024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1178024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1178024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1178024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1178024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197508                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      251942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.275604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.995930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.004070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1039                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10615                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4563                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3866164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3866164                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               630                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   630                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         31321                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             31321                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                31951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    31951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               31951                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   31951                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197294                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197294                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197505                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197505                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21503500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      21503500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18671865500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18671865500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18693369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18693369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18693369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18693369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           841                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               841                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       228615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        228615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           229456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               229456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          229456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              229456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250892                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.250892                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.862997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.862997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.860753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.860753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.860753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.860753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101912.322275                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101912.322275                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94639.804049                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94639.804049                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94647.573479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94647.573479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94647.573479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94647.573479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  340                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       340                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197294                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197294                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19393500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19393500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16698915500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16698915500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16718309000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16718309000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16718309000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16718309000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.862997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.862997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.860753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.860753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.860753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.860753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91912.322275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91912.322275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84639.753363                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84639.753363                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84647.522848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84647.522848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84647.522848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84647.522848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        395010                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197506                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       592516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       592516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 592516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12662144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12662144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12662144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197507                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197507    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197507                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           466094000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1066815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       458913                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       229459                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          570                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              5                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            228616                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2448                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          424517                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              841                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             841                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       228615                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       688370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                688370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14820160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14820160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197508                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     21760                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           426964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036737                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 426387     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    577      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             426964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          231564500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         344185500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
