
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5557313261500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               76033050                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                141192111                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              202310667                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    75.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5737820011                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10655039028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12410880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12411008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        28544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           28544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           446                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                446                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         812903665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             812912049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1869611                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1869611                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1869611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        812903665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            814781661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193922                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        446                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193922                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      446                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12407040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   28672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12411008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                28544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     62                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267360000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193922                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  446                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.392268                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.594291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.311105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42626     43.66%     43.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44337     45.42%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9246      9.47%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1237      1.27%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          135      0.14%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7046.392857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6913.319213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1456.834604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4     14.29%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            5     17.86%     32.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            5     17.86%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            4     14.29%     64.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     14.29%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.57%     82.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            4     14.29%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               28    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4724653500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8359528500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  969300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24371.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43121.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       812.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    812.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96310                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     383                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78548.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349545840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185784225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               693379680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 783000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1634587860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24796800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5182874910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        95544480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          1363440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9373969275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.988209                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11617236625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      3379750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    248684250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3129777250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11365298875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347425260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184664700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               690780720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1555560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1624784430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24655200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5177336220                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       109240800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     966540.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9366718470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.513286                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11639750625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9936000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      1726250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    284248500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3107791500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11353775875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1476428                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1476428                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            63253                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1187567                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  46657                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6813                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1187567                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            622214                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          565353                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        21567                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     717297                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      51474                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       148239                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          892                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1209510                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1238497                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4354637                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1476428                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            668871                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29150757                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 129372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 959                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        36148                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1205281                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7573                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     16                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30494559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.287721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.353043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28807769     94.47%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   18786      0.06%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  594628      1.95%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   26222      0.09%     96.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  122098      0.40%     96.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   69374      0.23%     97.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   84590      0.28%     97.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24315      0.08%     97.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  746777      2.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30494559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.048352                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.142613                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  609497                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28723344                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   797673                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               299359                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 64686                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7203633                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 64686                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  700934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27458007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17759                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   930264                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1322909                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6902611                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                78316                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1011017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                265253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8233308                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19142947                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9098655                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            38313                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2986279                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5247025                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               328                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           387                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1921668                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1231674                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              75079                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             5231                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4255                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6542726                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4236                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4749066                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6067                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4057090                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8259934                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4236                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30494559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.155735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.720671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28533131     93.57%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             790062      2.59%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             415611      1.36%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             280524      0.92%     98.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             271729      0.89%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              85723      0.28%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              72459      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              26635      0.09%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              18685      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30494559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  11267     67.31%     67.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1114      6.65%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3915     23.39%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  265      1.58%     98.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              164      0.98%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              15      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            16216      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3902432     82.17%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1081      0.02%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                10009      0.21%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              13804      0.29%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              747142     15.73%     98.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              55353      1.17%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2984      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            45      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4749066                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.155530                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      16740                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003525                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39980287                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10571358                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4551591                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              35211                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             32698                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        15109                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4731461                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  18129                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4568                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       767579                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        45623                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           34                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1341                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 64686                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25464453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               270603                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6546962                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4360                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1231674                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               75079                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1603                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15579                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                69814                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         33903                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        37735                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               71638                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4662186                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               717017                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            86880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      768470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  565632                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     51453                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.152685                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4582962                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4566700                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3333962                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5340363                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.149558                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.624295                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4057767                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            64684                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29915678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.083230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.532242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28834553     96.39%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       495957      1.66%     98.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122660      0.41%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       326484      1.09%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        54662      0.18%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28323      0.09%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5601      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4234      0.01%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        43204      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29915678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1246516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2489868                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        493549                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       464093                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    443634                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     11810                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2477935                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3559      0.14%      0.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1973840     79.27%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            208      0.01%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            8620      0.35%     79.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         10092      0.41%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         462375     18.57%     98.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         29456      1.18%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1718      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2489868                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                43204                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36420109                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13675608                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            304                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          40130                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1246516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2489868                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.496027                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.496027                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.040823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.040823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4761445                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3957205                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    26696                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   13317                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2976311                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1288576                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2438518                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           241017                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             310580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           241017                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.288623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3191413                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3191413                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       282339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         282339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        28478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         28478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       310817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          310817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       310817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         310817                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       425804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       425804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       426782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        426782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       426782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       426782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34327101500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34327101500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39049000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39049000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34366150500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34366150500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34366150500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34366150500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       708143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       708143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        29456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       737599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       737599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       737599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       737599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.601297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.601297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033202                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.578610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.578610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.578610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.578610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80617.141924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80617.141924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39927.402863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39927.402863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80523.898618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80523.898618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80523.898618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80523.898618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        23630                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              946                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.978858                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           18                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2295                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2295                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       185762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       185765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       185765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       185765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       240042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       240042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       241017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       241017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19214975000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19214975000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37876500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37876500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19252851500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19252851500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19252851500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19252851500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.338974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033100                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033100                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.326759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.326759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80048.387366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80048.387366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38847.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38847.692308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79881.715813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79881.715813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79881.715813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79881.715813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 23                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            11.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4821126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4821126                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1205279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1205279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1205279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1205279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1205279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1205279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       184500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       184500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       184500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1205281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1205281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1205281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1205281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1205281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1205281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        92250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        92250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       182500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       182500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       182500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       182500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       182500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       182500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193932                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      283997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.464415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.128729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.159980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.711291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10845                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4048076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4048076                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2295                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2295                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               689                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   689                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         46408                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             46408                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                47097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    47097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               47097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   47097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193634                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193922                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28865500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      28865500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       179500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18338829000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18338829000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18367694500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18367874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       179500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18367694500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18367874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2295                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2295                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           975                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               975                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       240042                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        240042                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           241017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               241019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          241017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              241019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.293333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.806667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.806667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.804591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.804592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.804591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.804592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100928.321678                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100928.321678                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94708.723675                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94708.723675                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94717.896555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94717.845319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94717.896555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94717.845319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  446                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       446                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193634                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26005500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26005500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       159500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16402489000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16402489000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16428494500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16428654000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       159500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16428494500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16428654000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.806667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.804591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.804592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.804591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.804592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90928.321678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90928.321678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84708.723675                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84708.723675                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84717.896555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84717.845319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84717.896555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84717.845319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        387836                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193922                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193636                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193468                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193636                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       581758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       581758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 581758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12439552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12439552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12439552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193922    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           458226000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1048540500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       482038                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       241019                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          536                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             18                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            240044                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          432208                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              975                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             975                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       240042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       723051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                723057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15571968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15572224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193932                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     28544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           434951                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035859                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 434397     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    552      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             434951                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          243316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         361525500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
