
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7206186427000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               97852902                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                182009248                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              254720609                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    59.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5865067245                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10909197514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12793600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12793600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        22208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           22208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          199900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              199900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         837971549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             837971549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1454608                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1454608                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1454608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        837971549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            839426157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      199899                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        347                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    199899                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      347                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12790528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   22528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12793536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                22208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     47                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267013500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                199899                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  347                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   47344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    132.102894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.402633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.771532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39586     40.81%     40.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45544     46.96%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10138     10.45%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1513      1.56%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          182      0.19%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9197.090909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8945.542520                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2161.978061                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.55%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.55%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     13.64%     22.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      4.55%     27.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      9.09%     36.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      4.55%     40.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     13.64%     54.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      4.55%     59.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      9.09%     68.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.55%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      4.55%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.55%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2      9.09%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2      9.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               22    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4829323000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8576548000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  999260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24164.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42914.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       837.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    837.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.34                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102909                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     299                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76241.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347975040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184972095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               714621180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 798660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1645745610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24441120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5159436510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       107539200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9390838455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.093128                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11595161750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9427500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    280224750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3152878125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11314953750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                344576400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183116340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               712329240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1038780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1638777930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24679680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5203551090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        76019040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9388782900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.958491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11606994125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10056000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    197650625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3139871250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11410166250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1584297                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1584297                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            73269                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1294884                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  51959                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9364                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1294884                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            653165                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          641719                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        23627                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     734560                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      51176                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135228                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          846                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1270668                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        10064                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1300304                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4680723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1584297                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            705124                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28914750                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 153148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      5369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2283                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        97553                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1260604                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     16                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30396833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.310624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.408168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28601358     94.09%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   22000      0.07%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  616250      2.03%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   28260      0.09%     96.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  126979      0.42%     96.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   76553      0.25%     96.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   82432      0.27%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26566      0.09%     97.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  816435      2.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30396833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.051885                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.153292                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  674036                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28475615                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   874283                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               296325                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 76574                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7614652                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 76574                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  764383                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27045966                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11510                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1003434                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1494966                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7279048                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               113426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                981859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                494531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8662198                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             20133032                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9603672                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            35433                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2699021                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5963223                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               223                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           287                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1899832                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1314910                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              77068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4076                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6900381                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4122                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4875988                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4645                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4650799                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9337760                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30396833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.160411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.733663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28418871     93.49%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             769832      2.53%     96.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             418404      1.38%     97.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             277555      0.91%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             303232      1.00%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              90700      0.30%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              75245      0.25%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              25167      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17827      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30396833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9167     63.83%     63.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     63.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     63.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1005      7.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     70.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3790     26.39%     97.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  281      1.96%     99.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              116      0.81%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               3      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20705      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4007544     82.19%     82.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1277      0.03%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7837      0.16%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12542      0.26%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              768349     15.76%     98.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              55479      1.14%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2248      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             7      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4875988                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.159687                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      14362                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002945                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40136911                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11524199                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4660415                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              30905                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             31106                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13366                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4853721                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  15924                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3844                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       884962                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          156                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        55015                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          880                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 76574                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24805776                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               302889                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6904503                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5915                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1314910                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               77068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1516                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21229                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               111643                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38761                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        45496                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               84257                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4782909                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               734358                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            93079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      785507                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  549283                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     51149                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.156639                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4692553                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4673781                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3469283                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5400086                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.153065                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.642450                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4651968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            76573                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29726193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.075817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.500278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28729713     96.65%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       468148      1.57%     98.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105401      0.35%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       294355      0.99%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        59940      0.20%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27790      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5068      0.02%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3619      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32159      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29726193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1127596                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2253738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        452001                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       429948                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    407537                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8770                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2244873                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3875                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2635      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1785092     79.21%     79.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            155      0.01%     79.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6355      0.28%     79.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7500      0.33%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         428678     19.02%     98.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         22053      0.98%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1270      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2253738                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                32159                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36599740                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14483426                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            987                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         137856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1127596                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2253738                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.079458                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.079458                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036928                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036928                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4743753                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4076587                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    24031                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11961                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2830732                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1250395                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2497660                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           224228                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             342632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           224228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.528052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          799                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3220860                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3220860                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       319144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         319144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        21253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       340397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          340397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       340397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         340397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       407961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       407961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          800                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       408761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        408761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       408761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       408761                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35613334500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35613334500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29971998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29971998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35643306498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35643306498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35643306498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35643306498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       727105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       727105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        22053                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22053                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       749158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       749158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       749158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       749158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.561076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.561076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.545627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.545627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.545627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.545627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87295.929023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87295.929023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37464.997500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37464.997500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87198.403219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87198.403219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87198.403219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87198.403219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14031                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.281081                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       184525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       223436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       224228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       224228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19477576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19477576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28692998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28692998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19506268998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19506268998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19506268998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19506268998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.307295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.307295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035913                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035913                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87172.953329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87172.953329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36228.532828                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36228.532828                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86993.011569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86993.011569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86993.011569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86993.011569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5042416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5042416                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1260604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1260604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1260604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1260604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1260604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1260604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1260604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1260604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1260604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1260604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1260604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1260604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    199914                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      264876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    199914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.324950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.684304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.315696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3785786                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3785786                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               589                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   589                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         23740                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             23740                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                24329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    24329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               24329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   24329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       199696                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          199696                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             199899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 199899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            199899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                199899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21072000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      21072000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18870040500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18870040500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18891112500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18891112500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18891112500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18891112500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           792                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               792                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223436                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        223436                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           224228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               224228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          224228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              224228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.256313                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.256313                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.893750                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.893750                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.891499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.891499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.891499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.891499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103802.955665                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103802.955665                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94493.833126                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94493.833126                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94503.286660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94503.286660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94503.286660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94503.286660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  347                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       347                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199696                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       199696                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        199899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            199899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           199899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19042000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19042000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16873080500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16873080500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16892122500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16892122500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16892122500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16892122500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.256313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.893750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.893750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.891499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.891499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.891499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.891499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93802.955665                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93802.955665                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84493.833126                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84493.833126                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84503.286660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84503.286660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84503.286660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84503.286660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        399791                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199899                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             199696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           199545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        199696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       599690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       599690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 599690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12815744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12815744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12815744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            199899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  199899    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              199899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           470535500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1078889250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       448456                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       224225                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          441                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             23                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           20                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            223436                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          421918                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       223436                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       672684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                672684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14470720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14470720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          199914                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     22208                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           424142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033270                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 423681     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    458      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             424142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          226105000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         336342000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
