
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10763477608125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              116003571                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                216981073                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              282039033                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6279506195                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11745623095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9955712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9976640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9864960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9864960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155885                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154140                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154140                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1370769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652091937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             653462706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1370769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1370769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       646147746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            646147746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       646147746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1370769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652091937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1299610452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155885                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154140                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155885                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154140                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9976640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9865472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9976640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9864960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              9998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267327000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155885                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154140                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    723.353286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   559.926147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   362.397463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2131      7.77%      7.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2489      9.07%     16.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2004      7.31%     24.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1564      5.70%     29.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1292      4.71%     34.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1329      4.84%     39.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1740      6.34%     45.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1419      5.17%     50.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13463     49.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.189947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.127391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.851508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             42      0.44%      0.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            89      0.92%      1.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9307     96.66%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           127      1.32%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            31      0.32%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             5      0.05%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             7      0.07%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008724                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.170311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9601     99.71%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      0.06%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2875840500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5798684250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  779425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18448.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37198.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       653.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       646.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    653.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    646.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142382                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140219                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49245.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98496300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52355820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               557162760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              401762520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1513658940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61591680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2093017770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       299544960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1587141600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7411615020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.455424                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11723804500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43467250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316530000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6417285875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    780047250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3120078750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4589935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97368180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51744825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               555856140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              402890040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746172960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1516538010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63685440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2070448050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       316709280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1583812080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7405225005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.036883                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11775755500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42579500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316252000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6410536500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    824774750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3132739750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4540461625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1330013                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1330013                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6600                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1322317                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3645                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               810                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1322317                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1286536                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           35781                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4655                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     482184                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1314862                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          741                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2653                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      49119                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          286                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   51                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             70845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5942838                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1330013                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1290181                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30429230                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13808                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1140                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    48922                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1934                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.397059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.668761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28664733     93.96%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   56534      0.19%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   58763      0.19%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  333713      1.09%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   35162      0.12%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8745      0.03%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8888      0.03%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   33346      0.11%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1308407      4.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043557                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.194626                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  414894                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28568197                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   712068                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               806228                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6904                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12050432                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6904                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  700986                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 241018                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13951                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1231105                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28314327                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12017296                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28011643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15466977                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25228168                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13871230                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           304352                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15201471                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  265506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               127                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           130                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4873146                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              492646                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1322809                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20553                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19053                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11956469                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                751                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11894658                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1963                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         172135                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       250887                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           640                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.389883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.292953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27336735     89.60%     89.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             497957      1.63%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             551879      1.81%     93.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             354677      1.16%     94.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             303667      1.00%     95.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1046735      3.43%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             168901      0.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             214757      0.70%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              32983      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 106351     96.07%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  356      0.32%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     96.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   831      0.75%     97.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  210      0.19%     97.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2776      2.51%     99.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             175      0.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4436      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             10006642     84.13%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  89      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  276      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              81920      0.69%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              438510      3.69%     88.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1277972     10.74%     99.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46479      0.39%     99.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38334      0.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11894658                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.389546                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     110699                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54037597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11923677                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11688843                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             372672                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            205876                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182605                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11812981                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 187940                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2305                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23869                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          205                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12911                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          595                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6904                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  54504                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               148544                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11957220                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               492646                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1322809                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               322                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   386                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               147984                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           205                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1807                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6630                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8437                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11879137                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               482017                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            15521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1796859                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1303484                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1314842                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.389037                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11874730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11871448                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8704705                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11988209                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.388786                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.726106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         172434                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            111                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6753                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30480603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.386642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27426208     89.98%     89.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375603      1.23%     91.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       321886      1.06%     92.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1142940      3.75%     96.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62674      0.21%     96.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       627359      2.06%     98.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       105757      0.35%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        30551      0.10%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       387625      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30480603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5759522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11785085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1778675                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       468777                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1296750                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    178814                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11689273                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1092                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2340      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9923982     84.21%     84.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             70      0.00%     84.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         79798      0.68%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         424557      3.60%     88.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1272052     10.79%     99.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44220      0.38%     99.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37846      0.32%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11785085                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               387625                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42050497                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23943230                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            257                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26397                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5759522                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11785085                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.301601                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.301601                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.188622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.188622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13648031                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9108313                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   282651                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143560                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6503399                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6048881                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4410873                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155635                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1672752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.747917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7310175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7310175                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       475055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         475055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1155605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1155605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1630660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1630660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1630660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1630660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       157975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        157975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       157975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       157975                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    332601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13927608497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13927608497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14260209497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14260209497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14260209497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14260209497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       478726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       478726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1309909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1309909                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1788635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1788635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1788635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1788635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117797                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117797                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90602.288205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90602.288205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90260.838974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90260.838974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90268.773521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90268.773521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90268.773521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90268.773521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14447                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          348                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    90.293750                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          174                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154369                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154369                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    139726000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139726000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13772508498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13772508498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13912234498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13912234498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13912234498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13912234498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117790                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117790                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103808.320951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103808.320951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89261.465112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89261.465112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89387.268684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89387.268684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89387.268684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89387.268684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              647                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.655265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             884659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1367.324575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.655265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          821                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           196340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          196340                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        48116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          48116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        48116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           48116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        48116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          48116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54692999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54692999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54692999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54692999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54692999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54692999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        48922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        48922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        48922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        48922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        48922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        48922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67857.318859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67857.318859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67857.318859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67857.318859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67857.318859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67857.318859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          154                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          154                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60228.527607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60228.527607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60228.527607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60228.527607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60228.527607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60228.527607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156425                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      155925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       59.950837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        37.514451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16286.534712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2656729                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2656729                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          647                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              647                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            321                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                321                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            52                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                52                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   77                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  77                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154264                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154264                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          327                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              327                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1294                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1294                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155558                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155885                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13540722000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13540722000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34898500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34898500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137091500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    137091500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34898500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13677813500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13712712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34898500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13677813500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13712712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          647                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          647                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154289                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          648                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            648                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1346                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1346                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.504630                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.504630                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.961367                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.961367                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.504630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.504630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87776.292589                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87776.292589                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106723.241590                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106723.241590                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105943.972179                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105943.972179                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106723.241590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87927.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87966.847355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106723.241590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87927.419355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87966.847355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154140                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154140                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154264                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154264                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          327                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1294                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1294                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11998082000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11998082000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31628500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31628500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    124151500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124151500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31628500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12122233500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12153862000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31628500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12122233500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12153862000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.504630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.961367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.961367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.504630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.504630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77776.292589                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77776.292589                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96723.241590                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96723.241590                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95943.972179                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95943.972179                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96723.241590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77927.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77966.847355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96723.241590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77927.419355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77966.847355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        311646                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       155777                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154264                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19841600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19841600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19841600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155885                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155885    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155885                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           928750500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          819826500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312574                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156265                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          134                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            768                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          768                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       308509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          647                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3551                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           652                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1346                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                468862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        82880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19840256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19923136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156429                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9865216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312717                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.053093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 311833     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    884      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312717                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311303000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233455998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
