
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10885616361125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               76259874                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                142734675                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              184027461                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    82.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6326692097                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11841594837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          31552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       13941632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           13973184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        31552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         31552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      8865088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         8865088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          217838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              218331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        138517                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             138517                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           2066633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         913166814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             915233448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2066633                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2066633                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       580656853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            580656853                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       580656853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          2066633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        913166814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1495890301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      218330                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     138517                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    218330                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   138517                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               13973056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 8865216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                13973120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              8865088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             13447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             13646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             13709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             13556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             13685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             13880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             13792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             13873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             13735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            13733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            13722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            13450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            13563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              8442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              8681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              8623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              8557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              8489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              8838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              8998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              8723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              8892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              8921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             8756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             8782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             8465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             8410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             8422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267358500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                218330                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               138517                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  157520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   27610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   17065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   16121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   7873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   8037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   8659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   8663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   8684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   8671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   8683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   8722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   8691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   8681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   8742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   8898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        31647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    721.654754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   554.644363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   366.976823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2520      7.96%      7.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2944      9.30%     17.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2447      7.73%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1651      5.22%     30.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1522      4.81%     35.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1727      5.46%     40.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1415      4.47%     44.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1233      3.90%     48.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16188     51.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        31647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      25.233241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.071125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    703.457679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         8651     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          8652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008899                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.198327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8630     99.73%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                5      0.06%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.08%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          8653                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3966983250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8060652000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1091645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18169.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.02                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36919.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       915.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       580.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    915.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    580.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.34                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   199214                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  125987                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      42784.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                112940520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 60025515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               780430560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              362027880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         845744640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1665036120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             65013120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2372415810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       362338080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1328974020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7955152905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            521.056763                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11446434250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     48254000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     358444000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5299935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    943620750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3414211000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5202879375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                113026200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 60074850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               778438500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              361056960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         857422800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1672163400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65965440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2445138690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       356579040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1288847340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7998713220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            523.909932                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11363609500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     51277000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     363366000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5137800625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    928589750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3424095250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5362215500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2056921                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2056921                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6543                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1928806                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  85138                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               827                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1928806                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1274548                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          654258                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4716                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1965228                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1360812                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         2748                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1701                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     565593                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          194                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   43                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            588926                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       8471739                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2056921                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1359686                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29896163                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          726                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   565470                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1985                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30492731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.573074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.945031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27708439     90.87%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  176499      0.58%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  119933      0.39%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  241876      0.79%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  143536      0.47%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  200801      0.66%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  199248      0.65%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   60234      0.20%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1642165      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30492731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.067363                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.277446                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  586965                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27602054                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1307838                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               989102                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6772                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              17414078                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6772                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  948708                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6545708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12228                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1887853                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             21091462                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              17381986                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               176054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                701177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               2863096                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              17014896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           20756231                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             41319156                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        23050961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           160807                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             20486189                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  269832                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           135                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5521426                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1738619                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1369169                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            40768                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           23716                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  17322452                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1072                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 17497504                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2174                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         182670                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       261444                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           819                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30492731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.573825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.528636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           25372395     83.21%     83.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1239698      4.07%     87.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             936182      3.07%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             623300      2.04%     92.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             550041      1.80%     94.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             940255      3.08%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             354585      1.16%     98.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             323607      1.06%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             152668      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30492731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 231405     87.09%     87.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     87.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     87.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  262      0.10%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 32211     12.12%     99.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  263      0.10%     99.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             1397      0.53%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             168      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3977      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             14119732     80.70%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 123      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  265      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              42798      0.24%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1944485     11.11%     92.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1340078      7.66%     99.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          23694      0.14%     99.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         22352      0.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              17497504                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.573037                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     265706                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.015185                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          65557709                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         17396164                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     17139596                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             197910                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            110204                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        96846                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              17659413                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  99820                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          307100                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26329                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          187                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14108                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       238482                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6772                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 786779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               143854                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           17323524                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              423                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1738619                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1369169                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               432                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 31225                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                96411                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           187                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1757                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6642                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8399                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             17482220                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1965123                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            15284                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     3325921                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2028743                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1360798                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.572536                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      17239722                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     17236442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 12358608                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 19063662                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.564487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.648281                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         182843                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            253                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6647                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30463749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.562658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.794273                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26984127     88.58%     88.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       363486      1.19%     89.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       300021      0.98%     90.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       859333      2.82%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       103180      0.34%     93.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       400700      1.32%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       186296      0.61%     95.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        67709      0.22%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1198897      3.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30463749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             8293794                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              17140662                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       3067310                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1712264                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2021156                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     94522                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 17090358                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               82438                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         1961      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        14029631     81.85%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            106      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             197      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         41457      0.24%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1689869      9.86%     91.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1333065      7.78%     99.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        22395      0.13%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        21981      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         17140662                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1198897                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    46588357                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   34676736                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            313                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          41957                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    8293794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     17140662                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.681631                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.681631                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.271619                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.271619                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                23296562                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               13772605                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   148406                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   73886                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 10768988                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6748051                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                7429680                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           217903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1326100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           217903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.085735                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11314275                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11314275                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1186188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1186188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1260843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1260843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      2447031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         2447031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      2447031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        2447031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       232818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       232818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        94244                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        94244                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       327062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        327062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       327062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       327062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18822922500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18822922500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8491459996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8491459996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27314382496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  27314382496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27314382496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  27314382496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1419006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1419006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1355087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1355087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2774093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2774093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2774093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2774093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.164071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.164071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.069548                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.069548                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80848.226941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80848.226941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90100.802131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90100.802131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83514.387168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83514.387168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83514.387168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83514.387168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2818080                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1162                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            67477                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    41.763564                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         1162                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       134959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           134959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       109146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       109153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       109153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       109153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       109153                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       123672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       123672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        94237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        94237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       217909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       217909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       217909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       217909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11059905500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11059905500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8396396496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8396396496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19456301996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19456301996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19456301996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19456301996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.069543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069543                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.078551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.078551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89429.341322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89429.341322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89098.724450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89098.724450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89286.362638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89286.362638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89286.362638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89286.362638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.901395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           20091442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         28538.980114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.901395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          619                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2262592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2262592                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       564596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         564596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       564596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          564596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       564596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         564596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          874                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     69800498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69800498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     69800498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69800498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     69800498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69800498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       565470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       565470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       565470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       565470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       565470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       565470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79863.270023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79863.270023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79863.270023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79863.270023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79863.270023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79863.270023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           77                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          704                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              704                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          162                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          162                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78275.280899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78275.280899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78275.280899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78275.280899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78275.280899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78275.280899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    218948                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      218106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    218948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       43.418659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.962875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16308.618466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10931                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3716572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3716572                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       134959                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           134959                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          702                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              702                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            213                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                213                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   66                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 213                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  66                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     279                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           94207                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               94207                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          493                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              493                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       123630                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          123630                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             217837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 218330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               493                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            217837                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                218330                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8254686000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    8254686000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52401500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     52401500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10873907000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  10873907000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52401500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19128593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      19180994500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52401500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19128593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     19180994500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       134959                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       134959                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          702                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          702                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         94231                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             94231                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          706                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            706                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123672                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        123672                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           217903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               218609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          217903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              218609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.166667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999745                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999745                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.698300                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.698300                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999660                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999660                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.698300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.698300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87622.851805                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87622.851805                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106291.075051                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106291.075051                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87955.245491                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87955.245491                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106291.075051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87811.496670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87853.224477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106291.075051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87811.496670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87853.224477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               138517                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    138517                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        94207                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          94207                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          493                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       123630                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       123630                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        217837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            218330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       217837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           218330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7312606000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7312606000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47471500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47471500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9637617000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9637617000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47471500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16950223000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16997694500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47471500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16950223000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16997694500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.698300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.698300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.698300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77622.745656                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77622.745656                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96291.075051                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96291.075051                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77955.326377                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77955.326377                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96291.075051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77811.496670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77853.224477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96291.075051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77811.496670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77853.224477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        436498                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       218178                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             124122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       138517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            79650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             94207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            94208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        124123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       654828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       654828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 654828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     22838208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     22838208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22838208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            218331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  218331    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              218331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1010581500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1139377750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       437228                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       218607                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           96                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            879                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          879                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            124383                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       273476                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          704                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          163375                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            94231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           94232                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       123672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       653721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                655843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22583168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               22673408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          218954                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   8865472                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           437569                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047151                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 436594     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    975      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             437569                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          354277000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1068499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         326857500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
