
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2091626145125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               21067381                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 38166746                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               68379475                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   223.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4703793502                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8521633400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         914304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             914304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       862272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          862272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           14286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               14286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         13473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              13473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          59886251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              59886251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        56478192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             56478192                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        56478192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         59886251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            116364443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       14286                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      13473                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     14286                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    13473                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 914304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  863232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  914304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               862272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267160000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 14286                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                13473                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    295.534420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.695936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   290.321476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2400     39.91%     39.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          816     13.57%     53.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          571      9.49%     62.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1467     24.39%     87.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           46      0.76%     88.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           59      0.98%     89.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           50      0.83%     89.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           87      1.45%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          518      8.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.046605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.441118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      9.390447                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           740     98.54%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31             2      0.27%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47             2      0.27%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71             1      0.13%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             1      0.13%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      0.13%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            1      0.13%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      0.13%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            2      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.960053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.957787                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.275201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               14      1.86%      1.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.27%      2.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              735     97.87%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           751                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    345321000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               613183500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   71430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24171.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42921.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        59.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        56.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     59.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     56.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10373                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11384                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     549989.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 16943220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9001740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                49287420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               32442300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1159825680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            562661820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61561920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3226030710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1334367840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1006956960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7459219560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            488.573487                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13871915500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    108948000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     492906000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3323261750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3474902500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     792701750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7074624125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 26018160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 13821390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                52714620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               37965060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1216372560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            775861200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             53836320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3646892490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1297513920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        659132520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7780468710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            509.615074                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13421019750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     88806000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     516406000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2048424750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3379035750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1236904750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7997766875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5256579                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5256579                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           105825                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4214817                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 730844                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4214817                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2529603                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1685214                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted            2                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    8924342                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2104952                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          232                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6264291                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6318269                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      46320277                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5256579                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3260447                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24110486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 211866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6264291                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                51928                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.651622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.366092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                16786461     54.98%     54.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  727382      2.38%     57.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1657552      5.43%     62.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  672246      2.20%     64.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  991315      3.25%     68.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1552186      5.08%     73.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  570670      1.87%     75.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  857978      2.81%     78.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6718898     22.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.172151                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.516972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4091785                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             15824978                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6133504                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4378488                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                105933                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              77510845                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                105933                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5814806                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5642284                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8729753                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10241912                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              77017034                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               213061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               9152594                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  2097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           82828181                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            182975276                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        60293023                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         74961482                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70692713                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                12135530                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 23525488                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9501061                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2107179                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           426970                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          134481                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  76365746                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70852793                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10292364                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14838687                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.320403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.958138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            6297377     20.62%     20.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6142664     20.12%     40.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5672707     18.58%     59.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4844468     15.87%     75.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2989326      9.79%     84.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1969887      6.45%     91.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1615093      5.29%     96.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             691314      2.26%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             311852      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     22      0.02%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               102707     99.81%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   177      0.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             6291      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             36857660     52.02%     52.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     52.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     52.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           22984206     32.44%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1964773      2.77%     87.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1476607      2.08%     89.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        6934333      9.79%     99.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        628923      0.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70852793                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.320403                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     102906                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001452                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97609022                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37468147                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33474976                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           74734157                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          49190071                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     37173516                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              33530966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               37418442                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          420755                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1366006                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3727                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                105933                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3274481                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               113631                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           76365746                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9501061                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2107179                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                100179                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         57881                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        47950                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              105831                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             70657007                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8897997                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           195785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    11002949                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4726660                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2104952                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.313991                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      70652815                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     70648492                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 52604217                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 92625159                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.313713                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.567926                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       10292364                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           105825                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29218313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.261371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.863786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10921348     37.38%     37.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7537009     25.80%     63.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1058867      3.62%     66.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2919274      9.99%     76.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1143055      3.91%     80.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       217597      0.74%     81.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       422035      1.44%     82.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       524561      1.80%     84.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4474567     15.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29218313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            37216276                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              66073443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10238522                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8135061                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4623303                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  34164801                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 41018368                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              628908                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6005      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        34344129     51.98%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      21484787     32.52%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1954235      2.96%     87.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1474549      2.23%     89.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      6180826      9.35%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       628912      0.95%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         66073443                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4474567                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   101109553                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  154047942                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   37216276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     66073443                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.820466                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.820466                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.218820                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.218820                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                56276217                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               28622571                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 64808968                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                33304424                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 20668536                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                13442876                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               24159660                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14305                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1078477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            75.391611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         42442489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        42442489                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8489204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8489204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2103461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2103461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10592665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10592665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10592665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10592665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        14381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        14381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        14381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1383758500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1383758500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1383758500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1383758500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1383758500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1383758500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8503585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8503585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2103461                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2103461                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10607046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10607046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10607046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10607046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96221.298936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96221.298936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96221.298936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96221.298936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96221.298936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96221.298936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            13462                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           76                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1364477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1364477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1364477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1364477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1364477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1364477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95384.620762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95384.620762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95384.620762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95384.620762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95384.620762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95384.620762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         25057164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        25057164                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6264291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6264291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6264291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6264291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6264291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6264291                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6264291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6264291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6264291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6264291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6264291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6264291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     14286                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       14287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.000070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            16384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data               1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7032                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    243166                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   243166                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13462                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            13462                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                       19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  19                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                      19                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        14286                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           14286                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              14286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             14286                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14286                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1342813500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1342813500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1342813500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1342813500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1342813500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1342813500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13462                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13462                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        14305                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         14305                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            14305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                14305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           14305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               14305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998672                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998672                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.998672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.998672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93995.065099                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93995.065099                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93995.065099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93995.065099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93995.065099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93995.065099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                13473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     13473                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14286                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        14286                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         14286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1199953500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1199953500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1199953500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1199953500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1199953500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1199953500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83995.065099                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83995.065099                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83995.065099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83995.065099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83995.065099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83995.065099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         28571                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14285                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        42857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        42857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  42857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1776576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1776576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1776576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             14286                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   14286    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               14286                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            85987500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76092000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        28610                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14305                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        26935                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 42915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1777088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1777088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           14286                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    862272                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            28591                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005914                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  28590    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              28591                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           27767000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          21457500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
