
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2809191319000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               94935764                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                175677371                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              264381979                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    57.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5482281946                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10144891550                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11215552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11215808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        93952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           93952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          175243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              175247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1468                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1468                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         734610546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             734627314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6153788                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6153788                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6153788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        734610546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            740781102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      175247                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1468                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    175247                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1468                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11201856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   13952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   94336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11215808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                93952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    218                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              9649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267353000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                175247                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1468                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  134248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   37912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    117.235141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.222326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.363644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48983     50.84%     50.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39343     40.83%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6986      7.25%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          868      0.90%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          101      0.10%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           33      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           92                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1913.934783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1851.764909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    468.873159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      1.09%      1.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      2.17%      3.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      2.17%      5.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      3.26%      8.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            4      4.35%     13.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            9      9.78%     22.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            6      6.52%     29.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            5      5.43%     34.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919           12     13.04%     47.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            8      8.70%     56.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175           16     17.39%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            8      8.70%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            6      6.52%     89.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            4      4.35%     93.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            3      3.26%     96.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      1.09%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      1.09%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      1.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            92                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           92                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.021739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.020497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.208514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               91     98.91%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            92                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4423940250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7705734000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  875145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25275.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44025.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       733.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         6.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    734.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    78934                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1217                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 45.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      86395.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    45.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350831040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186478710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               637987560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3090240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1575734220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24644640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5230695060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       106285920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9321056430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            610.522456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11748226750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9654000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    276953000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2999603375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11471273750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                337129380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                179188515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               611719500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                4604040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1512417480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24777600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5274894000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       122252160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9272291715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            607.328402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11886462125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9939500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    318363500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2860829750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11568351375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2399574                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2399574                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           131741                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1891535                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 120723                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             17118                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1891535                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            945492                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          946043                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        56270                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1229681                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     176766                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       204367                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2819                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1841402                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8973                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1906992                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       7702478                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2399574                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1066215                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28343597                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 269242                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        74211                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1832429                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                22224                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30464340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.510678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.793027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27637287     90.72%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   48501      0.16%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  787738      2.59%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   80316      0.26%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  196759      0.65%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  152951      0.50%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  142384      0.47%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   60789      0.20%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1357615      4.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30464340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.078585                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.252253                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1074752                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27279390                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1558003                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               417574                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                134621                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              13082061                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                134621                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1232138                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25730658                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         39529                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1725916                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1601478                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12465157                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               115967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1186576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                322032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  4052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14815651                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             33790739                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        17155578                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           127322                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              5380221                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 9435438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               558                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           714                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2456737                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2008069                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             247719                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            13029                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           11352                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11576400                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              12564                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  8654672                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            18092                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7131339                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13339276                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         12563                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30464340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.284092                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.019489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27327717     89.70%     89.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1067389      3.50%     93.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             630739      2.07%     95.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             448723      1.47%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             464000      1.52%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             218437      0.72%     98.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             173657      0.57%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              79915      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              53763      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30464340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  36458     73.56%     73.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3972      8.01%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  7954     16.05%     97.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  743      1.50%     99.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              426      0.86%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            46241      0.53%      0.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              7023870     81.16%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3649      0.04%     81.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                38159      0.44%     82.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              49384      0.57%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1294562     14.96%     97.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             188951      2.18%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           9830      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            26      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               8654672                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.283437                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      49562                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005727                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          47717900                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         18618688                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8190708                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             123438                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            101622                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        54743                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               8594346                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  63647                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           17179                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1281266                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          499                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       135496                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          171                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1576                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                134621                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               22729069                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               313957                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11588964                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             8642                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2008069                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              247719                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4560                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 26024                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                90350                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         63097                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        92544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              155641                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              8435299                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1228750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           219373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1405471                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  958237                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    176721                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.276253                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       8292558                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      8245451                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  6108070                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  9998596                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.270036                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610893                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7132624                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           134617                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29416997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.151533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.776169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27715555     94.22%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       708667      2.41%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       209044      0.71%     97.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       456448      1.55%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       100716      0.34%     99.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        67087      0.23%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18973      0.06%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        14637      0.05%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       125870      0.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29416997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2237228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               4457655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        839023                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       726792                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    699461                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     45230                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4411982                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               19807                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13694      0.31%      0.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3532155     79.24%     79.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            792      0.02%     79.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           33387      0.75%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         38604      0.87%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         720166     16.16%     97.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        112231      2.52%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         6626      0.15%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          4457655                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               125870                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    40881406                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24232931                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            621                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          70349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2237228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4457655                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             13.648448                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       13.648448                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.073268                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.073268                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 9460682                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                7144603                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    96170                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   48096                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5008076                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2391981                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4102657                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           308559                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             760919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           308559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.466041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5562191                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5562191                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       650009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         650009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       110853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        110853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       760862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          760862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       760862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         760862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       551153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       551153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       552546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        552546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       552546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       552546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34238337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34238337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    116580000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    116580000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34354917000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34354917000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34354917000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34354917000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1201162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1201162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       112246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       112246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1313408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1313408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1313408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1313408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.458850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.458850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.420696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.420696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.420696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.420696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62121.292998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62121.292998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83689.877961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83689.877961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62175.668632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62175.668632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62175.668632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62175.668632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        41759                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1332                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.350601                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3461                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       243974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       243974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       243988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       243988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       243988                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       243988                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       307179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       307179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       308558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       308558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       308558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18534820500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18534820500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    114039000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114039000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18648859500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18648859500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18648859500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18648859500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.255735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012286                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012286                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60338.826873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60338.826873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82696.881798                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82696.881798                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60438.748955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60438.748955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60438.748955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60438.748955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               2820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7329720                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7329720                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1832425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1832425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1832425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1832425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1832425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1832425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1832429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1832429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1832429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1832429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1832429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1832429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       102000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       102000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       404000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       404000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       404000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       404000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       404000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       404000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    175301                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      444714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    175301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.536859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.353588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.315637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.330775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          983                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5111861                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5111861                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               294                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   294                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        133021                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            133021                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               133315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   133315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              133315                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  133315                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1085                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1085                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       174158                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          174158                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             175243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 175247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            175243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                175247                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    108745000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     108745000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       398000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       398000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16630389500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16630389500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16739134500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16739532500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16739134500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16739532500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1379                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1379                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       307179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        307179                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           308558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               308562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          308558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              308562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.786802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.786802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.566959                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.566959                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.567942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.567947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.567942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.567947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100225.806452                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100225.806452                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95490.241620                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95490.241620                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95519.561409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95519.652262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95519.561409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95519.652262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1468                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1468                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           54                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            54                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1085                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1085                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       174158                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       174158                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        175243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            175247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       175243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           175247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     97885000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97885000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       358000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       358000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14888809500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14888809500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14986694500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14987052500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       358000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14986694500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14987052500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.786802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.566959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.567942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.567947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.567942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.567947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90216.589862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90216.589862                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85490.241620                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85490.241620                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85519.504345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85519.595200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85519.504345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85519.595200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        350497                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       175250                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             174162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1468                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           173782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        174162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       525745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       525745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 525745                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11309824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11309824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11309824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            175247                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  175247    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              175247                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           414089500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          951852250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       617125                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       308562                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          183                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            105                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          104                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            307183                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4929                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          478931                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1380                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       307179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       925676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                925688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19969280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19969792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          175301                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     93952                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           483863                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.024474                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 483576     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    286      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             483863                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312027500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         462838500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
