
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2687052566000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               78047087                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                144383220                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              218161082                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    69.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5461887550                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10104220902                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10170368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10170496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       142016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          142016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          158912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              158914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          2219                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               2219                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         666151750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             666160133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         9301945                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              9301945                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         9301945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        666151750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            675462079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      158915                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       2219                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    158915                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     2219                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10150784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   19776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  142144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10170560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               142016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    309                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              8972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              8700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              8700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267400000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                158915                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 2219                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  122981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   32993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        92228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    111.594743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    96.744318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    69.965382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        50782     55.06%     55.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34979     37.93%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5634      6.11%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          658      0.71%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           91      0.10%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           31      0.03%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           23      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        92228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1148.615942                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1106.123075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    316.274419                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.72%      0.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      1.45%      2.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      6.52%      8.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           24     17.39%     26.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           18     13.04%     39.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           17     12.32%     51.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           24     17.39%     68.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           16     11.59%     80.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535           13      9.42%     89.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      2.90%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            4      2.90%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            4      2.90%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.72%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.72%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.094203                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.089213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.416585                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              131     94.93%     94.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.72%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      4.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4073701000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7047563500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  793030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25684.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44434.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       664.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         9.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    666.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      9.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    66791                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1801                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 42.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      94749.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    42.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346782660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184307970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               600302640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                6175260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1526786610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24921120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5267309010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       116395200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9278289510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            607.721254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11854895125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9882000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    303273500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2892707000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11551621625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                311768100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                165697290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               532137060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                5418360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1376875470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24972480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5379619530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       148007520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9149804850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            599.305601                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12183521375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9930000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    385431500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2563961500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11798161125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3261754                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3261754                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           201668                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2741313                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 188825                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             27316                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2741313                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1240064                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1501249                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        94701                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1700144                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     290635                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       249464                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         4782                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2401558                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15637                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2501928                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      10818039                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3261754                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1428889                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     27619975                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 413550                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       122784                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2385921                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                38406                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     12                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30457067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.718394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.102968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26568773     87.23%     87.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   93895      0.31%     87.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  947985      3.11%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  130670      0.43%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  270887      0.89%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  220750      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  192139      0.63%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   97572      0.32%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1934396      6.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30457067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.106821                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.354287                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1527818                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25905534                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2300486                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               516454                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                206775                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              18638712                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                206775                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1745951                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               24212752                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         47030                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2490875                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1753684                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              17710712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               137137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1303753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                321583                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  6287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           20964922                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             47441776                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        24708047                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           194547                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              7381128                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                13583793                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               776                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1032                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2837938                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2723781                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             416252                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            18949                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17873                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  16273764                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              22872                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 12262017                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            27556                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10185787                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     18284890                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         22872                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30457067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.402600                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.223620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26259086     86.22%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1309830      4.30%     90.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             813225      2.67%     93.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             594007      1.95%     95.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             650533      2.14%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             342876      1.13%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             270857      0.89%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             131162      0.43%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              85491      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30457067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  59190     75.65%     75.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 6224      7.95%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     83.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 10899     13.93%     97.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1291      1.65%     99.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              623      0.80%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              16      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            75629      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9911685     80.83%     81.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                6780      0.06%     81.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                61000      0.50%     82.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              77374      0.63%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1802658     14.70%     97.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             311695      2.54%     99.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          15161      0.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            35      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              12262017                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.401577                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      78243                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006381                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54894095                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         26330122                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11524959                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             192805                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            152312                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        85981                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              12165198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  99433                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           26284                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1779345                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          974                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       235617                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          249                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1915                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                206775                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               20651682                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               336216                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           16296636                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            13534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2723781                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              416252                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              8159                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 35067                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                98276                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         91081                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       151646                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              242727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11901522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1698615                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           360495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1989173                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1319013                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    290558                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.389771                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11690775                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11610940                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8663565                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 14181071                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.380254                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610925                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       10187359                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           206768                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28944070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.211126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.931353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26713903     92.29%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       891533      3.08%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       278959      0.96%     96.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       571016      1.97%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       145389      0.50%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96387      0.33%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        33476      0.12%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        23253      0.08%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       190154      0.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28944070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             3065892                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               6110849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1125071                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       944436                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    916902                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     72734                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  6037463                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               31900                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        21920      0.36%      0.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         4847254     79.32%     79.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1276      0.02%     79.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           53228      0.87%     80.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         62100      1.02%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         933802     15.28%     96.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        180635      2.96%     99.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        10634      0.17%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          6110849                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               190154                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    45052124                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   34118348                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            781                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          77622                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    3065892                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      6110849                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              9.959480                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        9.959480                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.100407                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.100407                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13681409                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               10059926                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   150632                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   75335                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6757617                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3360829                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                5641592                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           362946                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1272920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           362946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.507188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          870                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7706914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7706914                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       998687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         998687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       178667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        178667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1177354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1177354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1177354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1177354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       656670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       656670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1968                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1968                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       658638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        658638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       658638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       658638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33802124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33802124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    180809000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    180809000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33982933500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33982933500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33982933500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33982933500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1655357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1655357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       180635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       180635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1835992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1835992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1835992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1835992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.396694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.396694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.358737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.358737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.358737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.358737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51475.055203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51475.055203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91874.491870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91874.491870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51595.768085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51595.768085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51595.768085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51595.768085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        46117                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.380105                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5574                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             5574                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       295661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       295661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       295692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       295692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       295692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       295692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       361009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       361009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       362946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       362946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       362946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       362946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17805107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17805107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    176143500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    176143500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17981250500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17981250500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17981250500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17981250500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.218085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.197684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.197684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49320.396444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49320.396444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90936.241611                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90936.241611                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49542.495302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49542.495302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49542.495302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49542.495302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              88693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         44346.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9543686                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9543686                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2385919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2385919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2385919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2385919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2385919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2385919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       212500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       212500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       212500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       212500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       212500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       212500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2385921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2385921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2385921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2385921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2385921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2385921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       106250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       106250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       210500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       210500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       210500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       210500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       210500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       210500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    158980                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      573235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    158980                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.605705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        8.883706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.114541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16375.001753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8541                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5966148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5966148                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5574                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             5574                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        203827                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            203827                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               204033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   204033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              204033                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  204033                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       157182                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          157182                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             158913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 158915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            158913                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                158915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    170986000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     170986000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       207500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15062136000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  15062136000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15233122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      15233329500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15233122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     15233329500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5574                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5574                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1937                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1937                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       361009                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        361009                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           362946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               362948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          362946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              362948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.893650                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.893650                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.435396                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.435396                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.437842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.437845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.437842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.437845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98778.740612                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98778.740612                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95826.086957                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95826.086957                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95858.249482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95858.348803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95858.249482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95858.348803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2219                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2219                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           88                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            88                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1731                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1731                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       157182                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       157182                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        158913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            158915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       158913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           158915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    153676000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153676000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       187500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13490326000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13490326000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13644002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13644189500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       187500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13644002000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13644189500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.893650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.893650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.435396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.437842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.437845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.437842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.437845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88778.740612                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88778.740612                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85826.150577                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85826.150577                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85858.312410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85858.411730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85858.312410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85858.411730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        317834                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       158919                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             157183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           156700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        157184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       476748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       476748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 476748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10312512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     10312512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10312512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            158915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  158915    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              158915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           377116500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          865478500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       725896                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       362948                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           73                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            150                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          142                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            361011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          514133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1937                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1937                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       361009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1088838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1088844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     23585280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               23585536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          158980                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    142016                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           521928                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.021750                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 521705     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    215      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             521928                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          368524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         544419000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
