
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2488577092375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               20446077                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 37690314                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59118071                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   258.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5280234102                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9733588259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1291712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1291904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1052672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1052672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           20183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               20186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16448                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16448                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          84606202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              84618778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        68949255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             68949255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        68949255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         84606202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            153568033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       20185                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16448                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     20185                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16448                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1291712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1052416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1291840                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1052672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267351500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 20185                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16448                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   18220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        25846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.710826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.350093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    54.539603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        18676     72.26%     72.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5081     19.66%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1187      4.59%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          554      2.14%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          195      0.75%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           74      0.29%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           51      0.20%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           13      0.05%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639           13      0.05%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        25846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.088819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.938311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.533345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14                1      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               19      1.99%      2.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               39      4.08%      6.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18               91      9.51%     15.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              128     13.38%     29.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              135     14.11%     43.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              152     15.88%     59.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22              122     12.75%     71.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               98     10.24%     82.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               79      8.25%     90.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               47      4.91%     95.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26               23      2.40%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27               15      1.57%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                5      0.52%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29                3      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.182863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.150556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.051498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              406     42.42%     42.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               20      2.09%     44.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              482     50.37%     94.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               48      5.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    556344000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               934775250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  100915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27564.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46314.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        84.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        68.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     84.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     68.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     7129                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3658                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     416764.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 88693080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 47149080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                68279820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               40919580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1217601840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            973302930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30161760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4548874740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1145509440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         42287100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8202866310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            537.281812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13052340500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     20510000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     515294000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     95464500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2983213375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1677421000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9975441250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 95804520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 50936490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                75826800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               44918100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1212684720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            979738800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             29937600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4664894250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1036241760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         42452520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8233545300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            539.291263                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13041044750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18636000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     512942625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    112208750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2698631000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1694720750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10230205000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13171204                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13171204                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1372583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11072775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1068615                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            189378                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11072775                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2645018                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8427757                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       913729                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6916103                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2362476                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        87799                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        20296                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6524076                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2271                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7360492                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56310340                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13171204                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3713633                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21786022                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2747134                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        13067                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6521805                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               316566                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.011035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.673158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12225113     40.04%     40.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  519897      1.70%     41.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  894091      2.93%     44.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1331686      4.36%     49.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  607958      1.99%     51.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1140918      3.74%     54.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  990169      3.24%     58.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  500859      1.64%     59.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12323279     40.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.431352                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.844143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5561987                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8486402                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13671482                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1440532                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1373567                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109666333                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1373567                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6629105                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7082736                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        247379                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13832033                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1369150                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102540929                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                34795                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                748560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                385544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115331887                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254377916                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139660929                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19189140                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47893452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67438497                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             30512                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33028                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3333149                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9441811                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3279849                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           160778                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          165302                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  88943585                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             213252                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70649105                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           671293                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47800122                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69344945                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        213113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.313787                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.591735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13418323     43.95%     43.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2200428      7.21%     51.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2725323      8.93%     60.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2316398      7.59%     67.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2349393      7.69%     75.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2226078      7.29%     82.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2625641      8.60%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1612059      5.28%     96.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1060327      3.47%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1423021     92.64%     92.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                80430      5.24%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5101      0.33%     98.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2930      0.19%     98.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            24086      1.57%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             478      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1832741      2.59%      2.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53683646     75.99%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3343      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                72660      0.10%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4946253      7.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5135638      7.27%     92.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2568525      3.64%     96.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2404739      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1560      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70649105                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.313733                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1536046                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158938777                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119073438                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59703590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15100740                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17883774                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6692289                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62794628                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7557782                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          213993                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5743918                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3868                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          290                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1584622                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3282                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1373567                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6192024                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 8920                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89156837                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            51191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9441811                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3279849                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             87323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  6025                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  838                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           290                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        412435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1313077                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1725512                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67592566                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6881183                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3056537                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9243082                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6214139                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2361899                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.213632                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66957415                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66395879                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49130918                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87326859                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.174441                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.562609                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47800547                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            139                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1373406                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23268876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.777343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.408082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10884780     46.78%     46.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2994724     12.87%     59.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3400936     14.62%     74.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1858336      7.99%     82.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       952306      4.09%     86.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       757791      3.26%     89.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       324059      1.39%     90.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       324905      1.40%     92.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1771039      7.61%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23268876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18836725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41356784                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5393129                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3697895                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4318822                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3084457                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38717688                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              371122                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       699405      1.69%      1.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32888052     79.52%     81.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           2053      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           46787      0.11%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2327358      5.63%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2950996      7.14%     94.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1695234      4.10%     98.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       746899      1.81%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41356784                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1771039                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110655168                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185719696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             86                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            718                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18836725                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41356784                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.621019                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.621019                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.616896                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.616896                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86437395                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51010761                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10580154                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6312312                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35926026                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17841471                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21960924                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            22794                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             497890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            22794                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            21.843029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          778                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33279450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33279450                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6583797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6583797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1685000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1685000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8268797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8268797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8268797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8268797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        34987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        34987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        45367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         45367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        45367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        45367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2682176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2682176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    970120000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    970120000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3652296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3652296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3652296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3652296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6618784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6618784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1695380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1695380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8314164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8314164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8314164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8314164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76662.074485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76662.074485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93460.500963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93460.500963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80505.565720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80505.565720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80505.565720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80505.565720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16929                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        22012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          545                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        22557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        22557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1116416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1116416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    915029500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    915029500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2031445500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2031445500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2031445500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2031445500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005801                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005801                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86043.622351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86043.622351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93038.078292                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93038.078292                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89059.425690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89059.425690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89059.425690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89059.425690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1013                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.723732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             177989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           175.704837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.723732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26088249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26088249                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6520727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6520727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6520727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6520727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6520727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6520727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13739500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13739500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13739500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13739500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13739500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13739500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6521805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6521805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6521805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6521805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6521805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6521805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12745.361781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12745.361781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12745.361781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12745.361781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12745.361781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12745.361781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12458000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12458000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12106.899903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12106.899903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12106.899903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12106.899903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12106.899903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12106.899903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     20192                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       21895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     20192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.084340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       16.835337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        10.209994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16356.954669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4034                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    400872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   400872                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16929                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16929                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1013                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1013                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1010                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1010                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2554                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2554                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1010                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3621                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9761                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9761                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        10421                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           10421                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              20182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  20185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             20182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 20185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    899382500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     899382500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       277500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       277500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1069678000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1069678000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       277500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1969060500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1969338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       277500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1969060500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1969338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16929                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16929                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1013                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1013                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9818                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9818                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1013                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1013                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        12975                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         12975                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            22793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                23806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           22793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               23806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.294118                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.294118                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994194                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.994194                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002962                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002962                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.803160                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.803160                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.885447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.847895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.885447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.847895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92140.405696                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92140.405696                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        92500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102646.387103                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102646.387103                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97565.181845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97564.429031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97565.181845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97564.429031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16448                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16448                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9761                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9761                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10421                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        10421                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         20182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             20185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            20185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        99500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    801762500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    801762500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       247500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       247500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    965468000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    965468000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       247500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1767230500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1767478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       247500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1767230500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1767478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.803160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.803160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.847895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.847895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19900                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19900                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82139.381211                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82139.381211                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        82500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        82500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92646.387103                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92646.387103                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        82500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87564.686354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87563.933614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        82500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87564.686354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87563.933614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         40372                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20189                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        60558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        60558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2344576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2344576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2344576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             20190                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   20190    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               20190                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           111254500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          109508000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        47646                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        23805                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           78                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        33377                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9609                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9818                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9819                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12975                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        68415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 71470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       129664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2542272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2671936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           20208                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1053696                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            44031                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.044661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  43943     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     88      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              44031                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           41765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1543500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          34199500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
