
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5236699034875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              130890298                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                242980174                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              349817749                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    43.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5712535948                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10604554123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12442112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12442112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        28800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           28800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                450                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         814949339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             814949339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1886379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1886379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1886379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        814949339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            816835718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194407                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        450                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194407                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      450                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12437312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   28672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12442048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                28800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     74                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267275000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194407                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  450                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.489508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.720487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.213222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42494     43.46%     43.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44542     45.55%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9352      9.56%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1206      1.23%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          152      0.16%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6869.785714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6734.675799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1375.003121                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.57%      3.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            3     10.71%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      3.57%     17.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      3.57%     21.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            6     21.43%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            4     14.29%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     14.29%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            5     17.86%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.57%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.57%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               28    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4820154000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8463897750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  971665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24803.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43553.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       814.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    814.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96618                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     381                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78351.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                354301080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                188330670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               705860400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2208060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1654560090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             23807040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5196036210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        69929760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9400342350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.715626                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11576301500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8910000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    182353250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3172132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11394088875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                343862400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182774790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               681684360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 130500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1607399430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24497280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5188256280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       115505280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9349419360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.380207                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11679002750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9528000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    300615250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3068920250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11378420625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1423731                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1423731                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            58934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1024023                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  43259                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6987                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1024023                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            609997                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          414026                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17626                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     688892                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      51539                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       143952                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          749                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1200942                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4390                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1227080                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4179557                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1423731                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            653256                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29165467                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 120788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        39469                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1196552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6487                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30495527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.275646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.323879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28868240     94.66%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   14174      0.05%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  593128      1.94%     96.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   24573      0.08%     96.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  116590      0.38%     97.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   60300      0.20%     97.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   81119      0.27%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   21978      0.07%     97.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  715425      2.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30495527                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.046627                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.136879                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  594637                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28786352                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   762399                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               291745                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 60394                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6908033                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 60394                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  679492                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27516676                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8227                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   894682                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1336056                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6626545                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                79218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                984710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                306424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7904280                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18435219                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8722463                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            39936                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2942825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4961456                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               262                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           303                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1879553                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1192432                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              72377                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4331                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3879                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6304513                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3669                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4564666                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5564                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3853980                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7988945                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3669                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30495527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.149683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.706741                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28611175     93.82%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             753514      2.47%     96.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             403201      1.32%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             272209      0.89%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             264526      0.87%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              78276      0.26%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              68598      0.22%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              25173      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              18855      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30495527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10953     69.13%     69.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1190      7.51%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3351     21.15%     97.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  242      1.53%     99.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              108      0.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            15258      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3751524     82.19%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 850      0.02%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                10209      0.22%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15019      0.33%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              714094     15.64%     98.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              55079      1.21%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2633      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4564666                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.149491                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      15844                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003471                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39609474                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10129374                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4384597                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              36793                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             32792                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16331                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4546301                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  18951                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       735434                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          101                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        42348                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           37                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1437                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 60394                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25654959                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               278928                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6308182                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3615                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1192432                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               72377                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1384                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 12965                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                81580                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         34164                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        32757                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               66921                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4489463                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               688595                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            75203                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      740125                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  543570                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     51530                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.147028                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4415536                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4400928                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3208963                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5140241                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.144129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.624283                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3854630                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            60391                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29949588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.081944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.529581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28887161     96.45%     96.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       487176      1.63%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       120387      0.40%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       318500      1.06%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        54724      0.18%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28934      0.10%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5102      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4256      0.01%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        43348      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29949588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1228738                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2454204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        487028                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       456999                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    435629                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     12070                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2442043                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5300                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3615      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1944305     79.22%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            212      0.01%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            8736      0.36%     79.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         10308      0.42%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         455237     18.55%     98.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         30029      1.22%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1762      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2454204                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                43348                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36215074                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13164992                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            329                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          39161                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1228738                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2454204                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.850447                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.850447                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.040241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.040241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4586719                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3812076                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    29067                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   14523                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2878707                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1234074                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2351628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           234503                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             291227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           234503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.241890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3072719                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3072719                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       265939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         265939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        29092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         29092                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       295031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          295031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       295031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         295031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       413586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       413586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       414523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        414523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       414523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       414523                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34289511500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34289511500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39361998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39361998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34328873498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34328873498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34328873498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34328873498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       679525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       679525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        30029                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        30029                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       709554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       709554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       709554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       709554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.608640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.608640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.584202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.584202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.584202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.584202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82907.814820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82907.814820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42008.535752                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42008.535752                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82815.364884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82815.364884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82815.364884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82815.364884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        23886                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              919                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.991295                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       180020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       180020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       233570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       234503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       234503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19259324500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19259324500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38023998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38023998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19297348498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19297348498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19297348498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19297348498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.343725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031070                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031070                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82456.327867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82456.327867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40754.553055                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40754.553055                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82290.412054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82290.412054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82290.412054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82290.412054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4786208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4786208                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1196552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1196552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1196552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1196552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1196552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1196552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1196552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1196552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1196552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194410                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      272299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.400643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.983830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.016170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10650                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3944050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3944050                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         39452                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             39452                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                40096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    40096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               40096                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   40096                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             289                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 289                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194118                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194118                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29578000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      29578000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18467829500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18467829500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18497407500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18497407500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18497407500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18497407500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           933                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               933                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       233570                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        233570                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           234503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               234503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          234503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              234503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.309753                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.309753                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.831091                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.831091                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.829017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.829017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.829017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.829017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102346.020761                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102346.020761                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95137.130508                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95137.130508                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95147.847043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95147.847043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95147.847043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95147.847043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  450                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       450                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          289                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            289                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194118                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194118                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26688000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26688000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16526639500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16526639500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16553327500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16553327500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16553327500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16553327500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.309753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.831091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.831091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.829017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.829017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.829017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.829017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92346.020761                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92346.020761                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85137.078993                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85137.078993                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85147.795604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85147.795604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85147.795604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85147.795604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        388809                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194407                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               289                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              289                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       583217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       583217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 583217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12470912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12470912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12470912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194407                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194407    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194407                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           459345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1050964500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       469006                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       234503                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          542                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            233570                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2691                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          426222                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       233570                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       703509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                703509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15151616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15151616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194410                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     28800                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           428913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035884                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 428363     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    549      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             428913                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          236744000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         351754500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
