
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               167940785375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1273506                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2395247                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50734952                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   300.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   383227936                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     720786414                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         249408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             249472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       200896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          200896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3139                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3139                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16336044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16340236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13158543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13158543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13158543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16336044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29498778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3898                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3139                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3898                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3139                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 249472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  201152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  249472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               200896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15268082500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3898                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3139                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     99.709735                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.398546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   134.763763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3976     87.96%     87.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          251      5.55%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           99      2.19%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           42      0.93%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           43      0.95%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      0.75%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      0.69%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.49%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           22      0.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      22.187500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.649455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      5.669373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             9      5.11%      5.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            62     35.23%     40.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            32     18.18%     58.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            15      8.52%     67.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            30     17.05%     84.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            14      7.95%     92.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             2      1.14%     93.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             3      1.70%     94.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             3      1.70%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             2      1.14%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             2      1.14%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-45             1      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.857955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.850229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.509615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               12      6.82%      6.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.57%      7.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              163     92.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    274525250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               347612750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     70427.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                89177.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       59                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2463                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2169686.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    35.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 23062200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 12261645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                19777800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               10972440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1258168080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            489475530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             45775200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3454332240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2139244800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        344882040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7798673835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            510.807497                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14070679750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     67713500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     533630000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    926870375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5570928250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     592980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7575222000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  9203460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  4891755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 8053920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                5434020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         848817840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            325408440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             39867360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1833911160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1709450880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1545355140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6331266435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            414.693373                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14445408750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     70577500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     360398000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5974532250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4451593500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     388529000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4021713875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13305058                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13305058                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1106677                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11037154                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 996750                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            211596                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11037154                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3580878                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7456276                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       799941                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9927698                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7497180                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       129447                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        42670                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8980293                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        16136                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9718384                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      60000790                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13305058                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4577628                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19620769                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2230700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                9103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        70828                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8964157                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               267876                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.761650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.580530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12263317     40.16%     40.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  869219      2.85%     43.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1232706      4.04%     47.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1401075      4.59%     51.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1128179      3.69%     55.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1112936      3.64%     58.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1039507      3.40%     62.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  892408      2.92%     65.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10595087     34.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.435736                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.965004                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8591758                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4189831                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15681934                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               955561                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1115350                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109208440                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1115350                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9366563                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3337198                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         33111                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15794308                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               887904                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             104021383                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 58245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    46                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                776309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110578624                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            261813818                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156313996                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3191343                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68007600                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42571012                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1188                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1630                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   845611                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11880436                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8933021                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           484312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          198981                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93493115                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              66643                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83169035                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           478245                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29919583                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43423054                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         66621                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.723779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.530530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9847037     32.25%     32.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2842086      9.31%     41.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3056947     10.01%     51.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3079217     10.08%     61.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3125640     10.24%     71.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2774879      9.09%     80.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3102556     10.16%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1665463      5.45%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1040609      3.41%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 827273     73.83%     73.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13367      1.19%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                102135      9.11%     84.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                86321      7.70%     91.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              528      0.05%     91.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           90946      8.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           515280      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63010984     75.76%     76.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               75736      0.09%     76.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                86054      0.10%     76.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1160228      1.40%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10084287     12.13%     90.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7552731      9.08%     99.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         392695      0.47%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        291040      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83169035                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.723756                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1120570                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013473                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         194521568                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        120338532                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77614964                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3949746                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3141872                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1788118                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81782387                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1991938                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1219286                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4261388                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10696                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2468                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2690459                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           96                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1115350                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3395750                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 1834                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93559758                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11880436                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8933021                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             23479                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1732                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2468                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        306007                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1162282                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1468289                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80551461                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9921079                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2617569                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17410330                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8709859                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7489251                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.638031                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80003806                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79403082                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55422500                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86754402                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.600422                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638844                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29920018                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             22                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1114687                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26025346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.445314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.734283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9345250     35.91%     35.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3775505     14.51%     50.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2608346     10.02%     60.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3539478     13.60%     74.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1135151      4.36%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1140409      4.38%     82.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       800618      3.08%     85.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       461550      1.77%     87.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3219039     12.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26025346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33603186                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63640150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13861596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7619040                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7398303                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1296288                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62666407                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              460427                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       258169      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48411704     76.07%     76.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          54033      0.08%     76.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           75446      0.12%     76.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        979202      1.54%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7345088     11.54%     89.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6242556      9.81%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       273952      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63640150                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3219039                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116366475                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191721081                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            254                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33603186                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63640150                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.908684                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.908684                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.100492                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.100492                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               116331182                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62225209                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2514340                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1234476                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40372261                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21193727                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35375632                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5084                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             481950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            94.797404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59303476                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59303476                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8574612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8574612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6242380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6242380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14816992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14816992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14816992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14816992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3330                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3330                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    179508500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    179508500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    469223000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    469223000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    648731500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    648731500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    648731500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    648731500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8578888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8578888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6245710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6245710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14824598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14824598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14824598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14824598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41980.472404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41980.472404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140907.807808                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140907.807808                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85292.072048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85292.072048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85292.072048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85292.072048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    105656500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105656500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    461920500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461920500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    567577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    567577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    567577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    567577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59092.002237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59092.002237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140103.275705                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140103.275705                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111617.895772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111617.895772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111617.895772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111617.895772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1178                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             523193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           444.136672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35857807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35857807                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8962908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8962908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8962908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8962908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8962908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8962908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8964157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8964157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8964157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8964157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8964157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8964157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12680.544436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12680.544436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12680.544436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12680.544436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12680.544436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12680.544436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           70                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14220500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14220500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14220500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14220500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14220500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14220500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12061.492791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12061.492791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12061.492791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12061.492791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12061.492791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12061.492791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3903                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.106585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       41.258905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.438637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16318.302457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    104031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   104031                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3808                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3808                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1178                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1178                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1179                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1179                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          609                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             609                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3897                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3898                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    456857000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     456857000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        89500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     90499500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     90499500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    547356500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        547446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    547356500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       547446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3808                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3808                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1178                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1178                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3296                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3296                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1178                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1178                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1788                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1788                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997573                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997573                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000849                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000849                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.340604                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.340604                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.000849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.766522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.622485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.000849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.766522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.622485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 138946.776156                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 138946.776156                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 148603.448276                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148603.448276                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140455.863485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140442.791175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140455.863485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140442.791175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3139                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3139                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          609                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    423977000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    423977000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     84409500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84409500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    508386500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    508466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    508386500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    508466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.340604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.622485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.622485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 128946.776156                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128946.776156                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 138603.448276                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138603.448276                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130455.863485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130442.791175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130455.863485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130442.791175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7795                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3900                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              757                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       450368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       450368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  450368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3899    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            21341500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21477250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12526                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6261                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           11                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1178                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1179                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1788                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3535                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       150784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       569088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 719872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3904                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    200960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10167                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10142     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     25      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10167                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11249000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1768500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7626500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
