
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10549734790375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              119140170                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                222614236                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              293295508                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    52.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6201777164                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11588065768                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10033856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10058176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9988224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9988224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        156066                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             156066                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1592942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657210312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658803255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1592942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1592942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       654221449                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            654221449                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       654221449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1592942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657210312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1313024704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157159                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     156066                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157159                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   156066                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10058176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9987648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10058176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9988224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267397000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157159                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               156066                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    733.309921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   575.133390                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.478615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1944      7.11%      7.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2309      8.45%     15.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1923      7.03%     22.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1605      5.87%     28.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1502      5.49%     33.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1459      5.34%     39.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1415      5.18%     44.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1243      4.55%     49.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13936     50.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.127976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.079475                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.534756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             37      0.38%      0.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           108      1.11%      1.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9446     96.94%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           108      1.11%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            18      0.18%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             5      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.015702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.014107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.245371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9696     99.51%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               16      0.16%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.12%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.09%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2884801500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5831532750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18355.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37105.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       654.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    654.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143515                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142365                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48742.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97860840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52006680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561575280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406763280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1510315320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64774560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2090472720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       310584960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1580799660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7423825440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.255198                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11786528000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     53377750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317292000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6393284250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    808812000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3110099750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4584478375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97318200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51733440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               560539980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              407854260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         754163280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1522552650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66036480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2080514250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       334579680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1563814860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7439200710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            487.262267                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11742504750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     51833250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     319686000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6322399375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    871268750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3139566750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4562590000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1270008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1270008                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7510                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1260922                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4377                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               947                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1260922                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1220061                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           40861                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5318                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351397                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1253008                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          864                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2694                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53900                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          236                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             79407                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5575109                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1270008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1224438                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30413039                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  94                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          943                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           33                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    53770                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2193                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.368471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.626826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28865601     94.64%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40200      0.13%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42877      0.14%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224881      0.74%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27820      0.09%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9082      0.03%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9928      0.03%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25190      0.08%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1255707      4.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041592                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182583                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  397466                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28686990                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   643911                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               765155                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7764                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11166531                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7764                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  674847                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 279058                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18948                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1130465                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28390204                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11128611                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28097533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14176747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23547708                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12808478                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           310357                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13875366                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  301341                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               184                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4820690                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              363109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1262084                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20628                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           18080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11059379                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                946                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10988798                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2327                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         195977                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       285673                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           819                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.360273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.231151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27509559     90.19%     90.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             473166      1.55%     91.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             534302      1.75%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             349033      1.14%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             305932      1.00%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1017006      3.33%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119791      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167551      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24946      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73340     94.20%     94.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  390      0.50%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   896      1.15%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  224      0.29%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2761      3.55%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             247      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4612      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9292144     84.56%     84.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 115      0.00%     84.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  350      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              82369      0.75%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307893      2.80%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1213037     11.04%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46674      0.42%     99.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41604      0.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10988798                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.359879                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77858                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007085                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52178323                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11044990                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10776168                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             380739                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            211533                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       186487                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10870052                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 191992                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2588                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26637                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          233                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14911                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          695                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7764                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  57460                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               178270                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11060325                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               363109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1262084                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               429                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               177736                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           233                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2062                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7380                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10971141                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351239                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1604228                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1239229                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1252989                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.359301                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10966290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10962655                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7994191                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11190497                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.359023                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714373                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         196211                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7597                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.356560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.254963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27573662     90.50%     90.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       341612      1.12%     91.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324575      1.07%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1099061      3.61%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65786      0.22%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       680130      2.23%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72517      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22297      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290176      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5366967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10864328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1583643                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336472                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1231613                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    182517                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10768052                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2362      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9197747     84.66%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         80211      0.74%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292155      2.69%     88.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1206175     11.10%     99.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44317      0.41%     99.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.38%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10864328                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               290176                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41240179                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22153141                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            325                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33402                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5366967                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10864328                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.689375                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.689375                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.175766                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.175766                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12553768                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8325238                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   286896                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144216                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6179949                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5518154                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4090929                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156833                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1424482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.082795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6535489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6535489                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1091854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1091854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1435391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1435391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1435391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1435391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155332                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    363059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    363059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14002776997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14002776997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14365835997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14365835997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14365835997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14365835997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1247186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1247186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1594664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1594664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1594664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1594664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124546                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92123.572697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92123.572697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90147.406825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90147.406825                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90196.304440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90196.304440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90196.304440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90196.304440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15762                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1264                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              193                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    81.668394                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          632                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155763                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2437                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    157896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13846574998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13846574998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14004470998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14004470998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14004470998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14004470998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124537                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104221.782178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104221.782178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89148.119044                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89148.119044                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89293.727193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89293.727193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89293.727193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89293.727193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              711                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.999182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              17428                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.511955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.999182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          821                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           215795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          215795                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63720998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63720998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63720998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63720998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     63720998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63720998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        53770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        53770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        53770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        53770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        53770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71919.862302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71919.862302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71919.862302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71919.862302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71919.862302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71919.862302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65227.972028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65227.972028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65227.972028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65227.972028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65227.972028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65227.972028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157772                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       46.979492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        29.462423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16307.558085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9684                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2678292                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2678292                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155763                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155763                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          711                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              711                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            331                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                331                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  53                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     384                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          380                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              380                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13613254500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13613254500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42069000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     42069000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    155177000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    155177000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13768431500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13810500500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13768431500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13810500500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155763                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155763                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          711                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          711                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          711                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            711                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1515                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1515                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534459                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.534459                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.976898                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.976898                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.534459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.534459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87658.352597                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87658.352597                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110707.894737                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110707.894737                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104849.324324                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104849.324324                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110707.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87820.636055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87875.975922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110707.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87820.636055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87875.975922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               156065                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    156065                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          380                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          380                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12060264500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12060264500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38269000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38269000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    140377000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140377000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12200641500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12238910500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12200641500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12238910500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.534459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.976898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.976898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.534459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77658.352597                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77658.352597                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100707.894737                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100707.894737                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94849.324324                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94849.324324                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100707.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77820.636055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77875.975922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100707.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77820.636055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77875.975922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314430                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157288                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       156066                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1205                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1860                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20046400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20046400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20046400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157159    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           939307500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826588000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315095                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157544                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          113                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            575                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          575                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2230                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311828                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155317                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           715                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        91008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20006144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20097152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157776                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9988416                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002182                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046660                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314635     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    688      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314021500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1072500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235251500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
