
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               305346882500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2110048                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3980916                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               46726359                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   326.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   689435667                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1300722020                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         243776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             243776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       188992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          188992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3809                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3809                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          2953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               2953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          15967152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              15967152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12378839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12378839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12378839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         15967152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             28345991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3809                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       2953                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3809                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     2953                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 243776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  189120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  243776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               188992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266945000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3809                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 2953                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     99.860669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    75.949151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   139.062266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3845     88.70%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          211      4.87%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           79      1.82%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           57      1.31%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           30      0.69%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           38      0.88%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      0.60%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.37%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           33      0.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      23.115152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.358243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      7.020359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             3      1.82%      1.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            53     32.12%     33.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            41     24.85%     58.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            13      7.88%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            19     11.52%     78.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            14      8.48%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             3      1.82%     88.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             3      1.82%     90.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             4      2.42%     92.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             3      1.82%     94.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.61%     95.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.61%     95.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.61%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             1      0.61%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-45             2      1.21%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-53             2      1.21%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::62-63             1      0.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.909091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.904078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.410505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                7      4.24%      4.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.61%      4.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              157     95.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    322512750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               393931500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     84671.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               103421.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        15.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     15.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       48                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2381                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2257755.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    35.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 18871020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10026390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                16986060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                8440740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1200391920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            419862570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             47201760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3236348850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2037141120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        571320720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7567496130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            495.665524                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14218071125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     73044000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509322000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1819337500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5305069375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     463338500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7097232750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 12080880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  6424935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                10210200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                6984360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         961911600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            389281500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             46700640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2180782380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1767389760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1316303040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6698587635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            438.752646                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14290836625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     84739250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     408508000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4905885250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4602541500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     483147750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4782522375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13250054                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13250054                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1106044                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11023668                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 992395                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            211195                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11023668                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3538818                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7484850                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       802643                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9894390                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7456093                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138211                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        49581                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8929432                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14784                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9669674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59829577                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13250054                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4531213                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19675734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2229718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8168                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        66005                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8914648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               270086                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.751321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.582780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12323053     40.36%     40.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  863840      2.83%     43.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1235006      4.04%     47.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1394407      4.57%     51.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1117490      3.66%     55.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1104203      3.62%     59.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1029173      3.37%     62.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  876748      2.87%     65.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10590520     34.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433934                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.959397                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8540071                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4304608                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15617421                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               957481                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1114859                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108863155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1114859                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9320159                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3327056                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         19119                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15728235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1025012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103656265                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 63880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    40                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                908056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110140335                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260807709                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155762644                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3155149                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67634280                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42506024                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1052                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1362                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   872630                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11859212                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8914509                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           488088                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          198932                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93098636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              70238                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82746390                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           476745                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29867794                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43528583                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         70216                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.709936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.531203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9946835     32.58%     32.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2833379      9.28%     41.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3040365      9.96%     51.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3068181     10.05%     61.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3102870     10.16%     72.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2764533      9.05%     81.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3091601     10.12%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1649421      5.40%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1037255      3.40%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 818615     74.07%     74.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     74.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     74.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13815      1.25%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                102934      9.31%     84.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                82055      7.42%     92.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              596      0.05%     92.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           87158      7.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           509827      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62679292     75.75%     76.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               72747      0.09%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                84865      0.10%     76.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1151334      1.39%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10053049     12.15%     90.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7526065      9.10%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         390226      0.47%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        278985      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82746390                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.709914                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1105173                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013356                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193714011                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119952378                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77186461                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3895124                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3085358                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1764721                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81376698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1965038                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1215406                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4281902                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10921                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2445                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2705403                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           95                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1114859                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3384853                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 2148                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93168874                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16947                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11859212                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8914509                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             24591                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    91                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2101                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2445                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        302451                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1167009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1469460                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80115556                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9887622                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2630831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17335378                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8661856                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7447756                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.623755                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79563829                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     78951182                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55106392                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86242460                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.585623                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638971                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29868149                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             22                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1114157                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26035860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.431303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.732853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9449308     36.29%     36.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3749107     14.40%     50.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2593216      9.96%     60.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3529336     13.56%     74.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1121577      4.31%     78.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1128947      4.34%     82.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       802607      3.08%     85.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       463268      1.78%     87.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3198494     12.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26035860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33420494                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63301060                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13786412                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7577305                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7363578                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1289996                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62332054                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              458116                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       256907      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48154470     76.07%     76.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53741      0.08%     76.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           75082      0.12%     76.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        974448      1.54%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7304681     11.54%     89.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6209107      9.81%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       272624      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63301060                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3198494                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116006575                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190925945                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             28                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            249                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33420494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63301060                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.913652                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.913652                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.094509                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.094509                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115657831                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61870800                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2486042                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1226395                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40153769                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21075382                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35211042                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4767                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           15938375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4767                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          3343.481225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59016487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59016487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8537111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8537111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6208938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6208938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14746049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14746049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14746049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14746049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         6881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          6881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         6881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         6881                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    202367500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202367500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    496644000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    496644000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    699011500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    699011500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    699011500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    699011500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8540694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8540694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6212236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6212236                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14752930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14752930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14752930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14752930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56479.905107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56479.905107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150589.448150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150589.448150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101585.743351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101585.743351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101585.743351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101585.743351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           44                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           22                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3640                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2113                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2113                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3278                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    115280500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115280500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    491151500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    491151500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    606432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    606432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    606432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    606432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77369.463087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77369.463087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 149832.672361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 149832.672361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 127187.919463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127187.919463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 127187.919463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127187.919463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1118                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             351778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           314.649374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35659711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35659711                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8913496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8913496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8913496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8913496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8913496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8913496                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8914648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8914648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8914648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8914648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8914648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8914648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12789.930556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12789.930556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12789.930556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12789.930556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12789.930556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12789.930556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11991.957105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11991.957105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11991.957105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11991.957105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11991.957105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11991.957105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3815                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.179817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       51.749231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        28.678229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16303.572541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13898                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     97919                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    97919                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1118                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1118                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1118                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1118                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           955                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               955                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 958                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3274                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3274                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          535                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             535                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3809                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3809                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    486173000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     486173000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    102987000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    102987000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    589160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        589160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    589160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       589160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1118                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1118                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1118                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1118                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1490                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1490                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             4767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            4767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359060                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.359060                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.799035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.647239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.799035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.647239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 148495.113012                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148495.113012                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 192499.065421                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192499.065421                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154675.767918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154675.767918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154675.767918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154675.767918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3274                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3274                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          535                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          535                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    453433000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453433000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     97637000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97637000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    551070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    551070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    551070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    551070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.647239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.647239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 138495.113012                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138495.113012                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 182499.065421                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182499.065421                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144675.767918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144675.767918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144675.767918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144675.767918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7614                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3809                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       432768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       432768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  432768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3810    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            20346000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20994500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11772                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5886                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             18                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2609                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6593                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1989                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14303                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 17658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       143104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       538048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 681152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3816                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    189056                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002989                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.054593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9673     99.70%     99.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     29      0.30%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9702                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1678500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7151000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
