
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3969509472500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              118970240                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                220527729                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              324104881                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    47.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5604230369                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10388217788                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12280320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12280320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        39680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           39680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          191880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              191880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         804352080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             804352080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2599011                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2599011                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2599011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        804352080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            806951091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      191879                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        620                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    191879                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      620                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12274560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   40064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12280256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                39680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     89                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267348500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                191879                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  620                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.011231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.140684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.880941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42738     44.08%     44.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43667     45.04%     89.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9075      9.36%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1285      1.33%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          153      0.16%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4963.205128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4857.621687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1046.246730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.56%      2.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      5.13%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      2.56%     10.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      7.69%     17.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4     10.26%     28.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      5.13%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            7     17.95%     51.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            7     17.95%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      2.56%     71.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      7.69%     79.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.56%     82.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.56%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.56%     87.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      2.56%     89.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            3      7.69%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      2.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.051282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.048394                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.320256                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               38     97.44%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4737969750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8334032250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  958950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24703.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43453.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       803.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    804.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    94918                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     539                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79311.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349010340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185518575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               687660540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1216260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1623267660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             23890560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5226830460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        70265760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9372969195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.922704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11644692125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    183230250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3103660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11461461875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                343276920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182448420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               681720060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2051460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1604868630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24561120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5197672110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       109643520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9351551280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.519847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11683643000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9624000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    285720750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3063326625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11398812750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1675244                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1675244                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            80073                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1302281                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  64543                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10515                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1302281                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            690963                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          611318                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        27960                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     824174                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      76655                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       154540                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1306                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1347182                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8616                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1382081                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5074847                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1675244                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            755506                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28914163                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 165762                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        73809                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1338566                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9821                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30458443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.336206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.463955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28529576     93.67%     93.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   23865      0.08%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  634481      2.08%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   37256      0.12%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  135362      0.44%     96.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   89863      0.30%     96.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   93409      0.31%     97.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   32549      0.11%     97.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  882082      2.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30458443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.054864                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.166199                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  719474                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28377276                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   958417                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               320395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 82881                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8410869                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 82881                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  822935                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27012224                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15072                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1096201                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1429130                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8036195                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               105443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1023976                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                353875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9560932                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22103366                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10734053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            55701                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3320303                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6240569                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               287                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           356                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2022138                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1401582                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             109132                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4794                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4860                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7576347                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5517684                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7987                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4814095                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9453500                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5244                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30458443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.181154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.791469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28278759     92.84%     92.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             829399      2.72%     95.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             454754      1.49%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             312507      1.03%     98.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             315965      1.04%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             111629      0.37%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              93794      0.31%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              36601      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25035      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30458443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  15440     68.94%     68.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1650      7.37%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4671     20.86%     97.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  354      1.58%     98.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              203      0.91%     99.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              79      0.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            24521      0.44%      0.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4510005     81.74%     82.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1461      0.03%     82.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                14244      0.26%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20440      0.37%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              860741     15.60%     98.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              81963      1.49%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4050      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           259      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5517684                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.180702                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      22397                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004059                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41472271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12348235                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5263990                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              51922                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             47456                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        22337                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5488860                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  26700                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6938                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       899956                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          268                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           14                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        66961                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           53                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1174                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 82881                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24578998                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               302879                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7581591                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5688                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1401582                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              109132                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1922                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17685                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               103751                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            14                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         42798                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        50395                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               93193                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5404863                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               823767                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           112819                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      900408                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  634311                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     76641                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.177007                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5310334                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5286327                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3885945                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6219213                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.173125                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.624829                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4815373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            82878                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29761067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.092989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.575990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28598946     96.10%     96.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       523809      1.76%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       131494      0.44%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       337219      1.13%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65013      0.22%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        35562      0.12%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7670      0.03%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5720      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        55634      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29761067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1386128                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2767448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        543788                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       501617                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    478668                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     16794                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2750488                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5026      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2191888     79.20%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            297      0.01%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           12085      0.44%     79.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         14364      0.52%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         499187     18.04%     98.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         42171      1.52%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2430      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2767448                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                55634                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37288254                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15865099                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            614                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          76246                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1386128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2767448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.028766                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.028766                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.045395                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.045395                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5660293                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4585320                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    39684                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19781                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3307170                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1485052                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2768179                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           247240                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             405628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           247240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.640624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3663220                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3663220                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       369613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         369613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        41135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         41135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       410748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          410748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       410748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         410748                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       442211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       442211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1036                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1036                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       443247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        443247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       443247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       443247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34755918500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34755918500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51030500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51030500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34806949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34806949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34806949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34806949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       811824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       811824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        42171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        42171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       853995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       853995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       853995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       853995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.544713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.544713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024567                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024567                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.519028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.519028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.519028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.519028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78595.780069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78595.780069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49257.239382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49257.239382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78527.207178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78527.207178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78527.207178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78527.207178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21706                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              782                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.757033                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2339                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2339                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       196001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       196010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       196010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       246210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       247237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       247237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19167815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19167815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49151000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49151000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19216966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19216966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19216966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19216966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.289506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.289506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77851.488567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77851.488567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47858.812074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47858.812074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77726.901718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77726.901718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77726.901718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77726.901718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5354264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5354264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1338566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1338566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1338566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1338566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1338566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1338566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1338566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1338566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1338566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1338566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1338566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1338566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    191893                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      294957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    191893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.537091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.687482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.312518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4724                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4145813                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4145813                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               619                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   619                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         54739                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             54739                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                55358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    55358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               55358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   55358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       191471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          191471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             191879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 191879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            191879                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                191879                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40837000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      40837000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18193552000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18193552000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18234389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18234389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18234389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18234389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       246210                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        246210                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           247237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               247237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          247237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              247237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.397274                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.397274                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777674                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.777674                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.776093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.776093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.776093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.776093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100090.686275                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100090.686275                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95019.882907                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95019.882907                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95030.665159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95030.665159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95030.665159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95030.665159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  620                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       620                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          408                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            408                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191471                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       191471                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        191879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            191879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           191879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36757000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36757000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16278812000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16278812000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16315569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16315569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16315569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16315569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.397274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.776093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.776093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.776093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.776093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90090.686275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90090.686275                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85019.726225                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85019.726225                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85030.508810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85030.508810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85030.508810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85030.508810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        383754                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       191882                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             191474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          620                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           191255                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        191471                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       575636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       575636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 575636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12320128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12320128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12320128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            191879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  191879    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              191879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           452861500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1037634500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       494477                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       247240                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          485                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             18                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            246213                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2959                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          436174                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1027                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1027                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       246210                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       741717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                741717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15973056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15973056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          191893                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     39680                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           439130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034026                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 438627     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    501      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             439130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          249577500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         370860000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
