
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10687140887500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              118856442                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                222233427                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              290268034                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    52.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6251537978                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11688898956                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10041088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10060928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9962240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9962240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1299506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657684003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658983509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1299506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1299506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652519516                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652519516                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652519516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1299506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657684003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1311503025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157202                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155660                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157202                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155660                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10060928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9962432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10060928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9962240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267320000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157202                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155660                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    738.811409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   585.111267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   354.035407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1744      6.44%      6.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2319      8.56%     14.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1836      6.77%     21.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1636      6.04%     27.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1743      6.43%     34.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1245      4.59%     38.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1268      4.68%     43.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1368      5.05%     48.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13942     51.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.168364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.118548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.570839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               8      0.08%      0.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             33      0.34%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            85      0.87%      1.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9414     96.82%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           141      1.45%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            20      0.21%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             5      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             4      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.190839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9692     99.68%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2886956250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5834493750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  786010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18364.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37114.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143649                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142114                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48798.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97018320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51566460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561204000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405447840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         741255840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1492232640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             60744480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2089329870                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       300747360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1598480880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7398027690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            484.565464                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11781284375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     40039000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     314154000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6471647125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    783248750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3076289750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4581965500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96489960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51281835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               561218280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              407113020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1502807850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67788480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2079786930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       325750080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1578460620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7419328575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.960657                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11795061125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     52973250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317346000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6385935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    848291750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3101926000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4560872125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1244328                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1244328                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6010                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1236967                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3540                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               749                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1236967                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1203767                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33200                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4241                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     345946                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1231548                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          676                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2641                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47379                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          235                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67370                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5460114                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1244328                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1207307                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30433189                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12616                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          941                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47218                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1785                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30507981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.361170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.611230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28903083     94.74%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39361      0.13%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   41719      0.14%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224288      0.74%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26397      0.09%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8547      0.03%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8628      0.03%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24840      0.08%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1231118      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30507981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040751                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178817                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  386096                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28733854                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   627446                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               754277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6308                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10960457                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6308                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  656562                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 233752                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13644                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1110224                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28487491                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10930033                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28199545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13941025                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23094239                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12553950                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           303485                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13699283                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  241742                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4714221                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355495                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1238807                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20615                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10874468                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                768                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10818181                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1856                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         157995                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       228636                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           658                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30507981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354602                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.223411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27560465     90.34%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             476353      1.56%     91.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             517178      1.70%     93.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348701      1.14%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             302826      0.99%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             986776      3.23%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117947      0.39%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             173377      0.57%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24358      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30507981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72489     94.39%     94.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  370      0.48%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   778      1.01%     95.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  190      0.25%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2790      3.63%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             178      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4151      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9150633     84.59%     84.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  85      0.00%     84.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  260      0.00%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              81684      0.76%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302123      2.79%     88.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1194750     11.04%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46384      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38111      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10818181                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354292                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76795                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007099                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51851374                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10828555                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10614777                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             371620                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            204864                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       182190                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10703379                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 187446                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2088                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22112                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          197                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11868                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          612                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6308                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  55035                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               143108                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10875236                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              804                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355495                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1238807                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               329                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   359                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               142570                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           197                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1662                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5977                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7639                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10804126                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345794                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1577325                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1220189                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1231531                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.353831                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10799931                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10796967                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7881123                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11000622                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353597                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716425                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         158189                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6158                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30482602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.249623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27625689     90.63%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343628      1.13%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324395      1.06%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1076048      3.53%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71970      0.24%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       650652      2.13%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72053      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22115      0.07%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       296052      0.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30482602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5293042                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10717241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1560322                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333383                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1213921                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    178396                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10621714                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9074792     84.67%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         79607      0.74%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289190      2.70%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1189261     11.10%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44193      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10717241                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               296052                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41061980                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21776716                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            244                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26708                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5293042                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10717241                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.768836                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.768836                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173345                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173345                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12351915                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8200506                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   282079                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  143404                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6087516                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5446535                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4024297                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156944                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.987155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6435772                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6435772                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1071292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1071292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1410476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1410476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1410476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1410476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155657                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155657                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    322230500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    322230500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14039409499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14039409499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14361639999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14361639999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14361639999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14361639999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1226949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1226949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1569707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1569707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1569707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1569707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90159.625070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90159.625070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90194.527063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90194.527063                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90193.743674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90193.743674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90193.743674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90193.743674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11631                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              146                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    79.664384                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   101.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155999                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155999                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134561500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134561500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13883291499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13883291499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14017852999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14017852999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14017852999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14017852999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126861                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126861                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103828.317901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103828.317901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89194.430518                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89194.430518                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89315.270019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89315.270019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89315.270019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89315.270019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.999194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              19422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            34.073684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.999194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           189446                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          189446                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52817499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52817499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52817499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52817499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52817499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52817499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74390.843662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74390.843662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74390.843662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74390.843662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 74390.843662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74390.843662                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              570                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          136                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37379500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37379500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37379500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37379500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37379500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37379500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65121.080139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65121.080139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65121.080139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65121.080139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65121.080139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65121.080139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157697                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       48.669980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        30.287392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16305.042628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9544                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2677769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2677769                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155999                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155999                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          569                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              569                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            260                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                260                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  52                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     312                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155630                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155630                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              310                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1262                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1262                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156892                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13649631000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13649631000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33768500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     33768500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    132194000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    132194000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33768500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781825000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13815593500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33768500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13815593500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155999                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155999                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          569                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          569                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155648                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155648                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          570                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            570                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1296                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1296                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543860                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.543860                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973765                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.973765                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.543860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.543860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87705.654437                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87705.654437                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108930.645161                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108930.645161                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104749.603803                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104749.603803                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108930.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87842.751702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87884.336713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108930.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87842.751702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87884.336713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155630                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155630                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          310                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1262                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12093321000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12093321000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30668500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30668500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    119574000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119574000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30668500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12212895000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12243563500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30668500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12212895000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12243563500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.543860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.543860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77705.590182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77705.590182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98930.645161                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98930.645161                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94749.603803                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94749.603803                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98930.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77842.687964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77884.273101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98930.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77842.687964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77884.273101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314283                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157095                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155631                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20023232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20023232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20023232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157202    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           937448000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826842000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315036                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157514                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          105                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            716                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          716                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1870                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          570                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           574                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1296                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20028352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20101312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157701                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9962560                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050968                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314398     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    821      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314087000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235419497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
