
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3145072889750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              107707817                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                199427489                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              297711669                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    51.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5523504587                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10227102059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11905984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11906048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        59456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           59456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          186031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              186032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           929                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                929                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         779833342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             779837534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3894325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3894325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3894325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        779833342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            783731859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      186032                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        929                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    186032                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      929                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11899328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   58624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11906048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                59456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    105                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267358000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                186032                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  929                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  141497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    123.513423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.225411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.626199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45068     46.55%     46.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42130     43.52%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8303      8.58%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1137      1.17%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          117      0.12%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           18      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3221.964912                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3118.718616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    819.305912                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      1.75%      1.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            2      3.51%      5.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            4      7.02%     12.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            6     10.53%     22.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            4      7.02%     29.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            7     12.28%     42.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           13     22.81%     64.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      7.02%     71.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      7.02%     78.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      5.26%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            4      7.02%     91.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      5.26%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      1.75%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.75%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.070175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.066261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.371274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               55     96.49%     96.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      3.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4605278250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8091409500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  929635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24769.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43519.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       779.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    779.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    89245                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     779                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      81660.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349110300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185541345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               672323820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1717380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1608995430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24563040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5206139460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        99036000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9352121175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.557174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11675483375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    258073000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3072730250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11417418875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                342177360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181871580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               655194960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3064140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1573976340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24616320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5238396900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       101308320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9325914960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.840686                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11752049625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9714000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    263823500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2995415500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11488531125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1955000                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1955000                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           102575                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1598154                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  85750                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12958                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1598154                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            779554                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          818600                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        41796                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     969330                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     116889                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       171184                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1974                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1528151                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8918                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1576486                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6107403                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1955000                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            865304                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28693495                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 211068                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2020                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1994                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        75145                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1519233                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                15775                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30454674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.404890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.605582                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28177191     92.52%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   38850      0.13%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  685008      2.25%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   54881      0.18%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  160457      0.53%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  109043      0.36%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  109676      0.36%     96.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   44359      0.15%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1075209      3.53%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30454674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.064026                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.200015                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  863837                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27929043                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1201448                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               354812                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                105534                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10254151                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                105534                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  989891                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26563649                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         27053                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1347846                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1420701                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9775326                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                98493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1067666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                280363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11603471                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             26644149                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13272219                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            80209                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4020721                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7582749                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               594                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           720                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2148112                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1627598                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             169936                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8730                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7724                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9122889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               9657                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6699043                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            11900                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5791002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11097260                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          9656                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30454674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.219968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.885778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27912786     91.65%     91.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             924735      3.04%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             517601      1.70%     96.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             360578      1.18%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             374213      1.23%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             151625      0.50%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             124861      0.41%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              52971      0.17%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35304      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30454674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  23015     70.93%     70.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2489      7.67%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  6040     18.61%     97.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  581      1.79%     99.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              294      0.91%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              30      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            34279      0.51%      0.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5457215     81.46%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2842      0.04%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                22915      0.34%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              30361      0.45%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1019487     15.22%     98.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             125658      1.88%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6181      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           105      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6699043                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.219391                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      32449                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43820634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14858392                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6355853                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              76475                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             65162                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        33340                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6657744                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  39469                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           10173                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1052146                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          346                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           13                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103036                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1150                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                105534                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23915063                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               296590                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            9132546                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7073                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1627598                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              169936                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3593                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 22434                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                90394                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            13                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         49365                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        71460                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              120825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6538308                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               968786                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           160735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1085637                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  750901                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    116851                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.214127                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6423407                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6389193                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4714197                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7599845                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.209244                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.620302                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5792164                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           105530                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29609291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.112855                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.650906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28263903     95.46%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       585695      1.98%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       158449      0.54%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       377501      1.27%     99.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        78363      0.26%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45511      0.15%     99.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12191      0.04%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9129      0.03%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        78549      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29609291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1675113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3341544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        642352                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       575452                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    552107                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     26774                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3314465                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               11804                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         8084      0.24%      0.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2648160     79.25%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            472      0.01%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           19592      0.59%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         22884      0.68%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         571562     17.10%     97.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         66900      2.00%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3890      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3341544                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                78549                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38664450                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   19116368                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            612                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          80014                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1675113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3341544                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             18.228435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       18.228435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.054859                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.054859                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7048596                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5540633                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    58786                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   29381                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3888303                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1805663                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3263031                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           265687                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             547069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           265687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.059073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4338091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4338091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       474938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         474938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        65775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         65775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       540713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          540713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       540713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         540713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       476263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       476263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1125                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1125                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       477388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        477388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       477388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       477388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34566428000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34566428000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     74017500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74017500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34640445500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34640445500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34640445500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34640445500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       951201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       951201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        66900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1018101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1018101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1018101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1018101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.500696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.468900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.468900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.468900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.468900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72578.445103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72578.445103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65793.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65793.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72562.455487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72562.455487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72562.455487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72562.455487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26211                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              932                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.123391                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2516                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       211687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       211701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       211701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       264576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       264576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       265687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       265687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       265687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       265687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18885980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18885980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     71451500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71451500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18957431500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18957431500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18957431500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18957431500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.278149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.016607                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016607                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71382.060353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71382.060353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64312.781278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64312.781278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71352.499370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71352.499370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71352.499370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71352.499370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            47.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6076935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6076935                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1519230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1519230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1519230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1519230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1519230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1519230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       377500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       377500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       377500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       377500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       377500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       377500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1519233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1519233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1519233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1519233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1519233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1519233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 125833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 125833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 125833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       374500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       374500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       374500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       374500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       374500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       374500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 124833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 124833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 124833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    186060                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      350105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    186060                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.881678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.358722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.059171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.582107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4435828                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4435828                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2516                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2516                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               470                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   470                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         79186                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             79186                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                79656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    79658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               79656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   79658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             642                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 642                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       185389                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          185389                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             186031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 186032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            186031                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                186032                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     64729500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      64729500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       349000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17622287500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17622287500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17687017000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17687366000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17687017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17687366000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2516                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2516                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1112                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1112                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       264575                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        264575                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           265687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               265690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          265687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              265690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.577338                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.577338                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.700705                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.700705                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.700189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.700184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.700189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.700184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100824.766355                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100824.766355                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       349000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       349000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95055.734159                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95055.734159                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       349000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95075.643307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95077.008257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       349000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95075.643307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95077.008257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  929                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       929                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       185389                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       185389                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        186031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            186032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       186031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           186032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58309500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58309500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       339000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       339000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15768397500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15768397500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15826707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15827046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15826707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15827046000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.577338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.700705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.700189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.700184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.700189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.700184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90824.766355                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90824.766355                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       339000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       339000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85055.734159                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85055.734159                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       339000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85075.643307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85077.008257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       339000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85075.643307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85077.008257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        372059                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       186033                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             185390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           185098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        185390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       558091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       558091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 558091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11965504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11965504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11965504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            186032                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  186032    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              186032                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           439431500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1007582500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       531380                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       265690                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          344                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             43                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           38                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            264578                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3445                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          448302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1112                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1112                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       264575                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       797061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                797070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17164992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17165376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          186060                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     59456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           451750                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029818                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 451363     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    382      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             451750                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          268209000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         398530500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
