
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5389372476125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              146475616                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                271955468                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              390643903                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    39.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5724629779                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10628697919                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12110016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12110016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        27712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           27712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          189219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              189219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           433                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                433                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         793197291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             793197291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1815116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1815116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1815116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        793197291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            795012407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      189219                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        433                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    189219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      433                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12106816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   27648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12110016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                27712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     50                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267326000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                189219                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  433                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   39822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.202117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.940364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.609932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43487     44.87%     44.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43552     44.94%     89.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8654      8.93%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1075      1.11%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      0.12%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7006.296296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6799.057272                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1774.119062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.70%      3.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            3     11.11%     14.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      7.41%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            4     14.81%     37.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3     11.11%     48.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            4     14.81%     62.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      3.70%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      7.41%     74.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     11.11%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.70%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.70%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      7.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               27    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4697786750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8244705500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  945845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24833.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43583.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       792.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    793.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92318                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     366                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80501.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348374880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185188410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               681327360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 756900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1206538320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1628393100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24672960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5186518350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        97785600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          1934880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9361490760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.170875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11631771750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510392000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      3459500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    254425750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3115118750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11374048125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                343612500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                182619195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               669339300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1498140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1607629140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24609120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5194784490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       108732000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          1711080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9340458645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.793287                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11677807000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9864000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      2527000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    283168750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3069486750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11392165625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                 906693                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted           906693                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            33015                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              696049                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  28149                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4125                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         696049                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            393520                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          302529                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        13346                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     545378                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      46199                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       144513                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          784                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     771011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1632                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            787578                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       2710126                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                     906693                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            421669                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29680743                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  67226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        14739                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   769379                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4773                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      3                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30517372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.178549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.061829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29435017     96.45%     96.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   12020      0.04%     96.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  395240      1.30%     97.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   21744      0.07%     97.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   89866      0.29%     98.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   37523      0.12%     98.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   79619      0.26%     98.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   14414      0.05%     98.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  431929      1.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30517372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.029694                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.088756                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  346819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29448271                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   426584                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               262085                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 33613                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               4728250                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 33613                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  423741                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28401167                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         20209                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   549290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1089352                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               4567450                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                26153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                979590                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 43162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            5466181                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             12668701                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         6046694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            38440                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2845775                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 2620405                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               260                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           307                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1716451                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              783008                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              64623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4049                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3943                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   4350607                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3891                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3473887                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6438                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2000616                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3979018                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3891                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30517372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.113833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.595553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28929516     94.80%     94.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             729722      2.39%     97.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             352381      1.15%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             238594      0.78%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             135306      0.44%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              54168      0.18%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              45375      0.15%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              19173      0.06%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              13137      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30517372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10180     70.60%     70.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1013      7.03%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2759     19.13%     96.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  221      1.53%     98.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              238      1.65%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            11377      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              2824864     81.32%     81.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 913      0.03%     81.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                10325      0.30%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              13830      0.40%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              559817     16.12%     98.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              49282      1.42%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3458      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            21      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3473887                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.113769                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      14419                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          37449986                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          6321953                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3358573                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              36017                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             33172                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        15624                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3458361                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  18568                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5031                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       358588                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           91                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        35106                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           37                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1225                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 33613                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               27036216                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               215627                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            4354498                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               783008                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               64623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1457                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  7725                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 9642                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         16942                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        21672                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               38614                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3423407                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               545147                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            50480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      591336                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  479085                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     46189                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.112115                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3384709                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3374197                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2284837                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4004959                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.110504                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.570502                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2000763                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            33606                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30232285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.077860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.505456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29183185     96.53%     96.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       473132      1.56%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       138467      0.46%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       343333      1.14%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        28264      0.09%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18102      0.06%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4278      0.01%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3609      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39915      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30232285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1181449                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2353882                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        453937                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       424420                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    415835                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     12782                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2341483                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3701      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1876108     79.70%     79.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            208      0.01%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9188      0.39%     80.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         10740      0.46%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         422378     17.94%     98.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         29517      1.25%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2042      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2353882                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                39915                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    34547015                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                    8995594                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            135                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          17316                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1181449                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2353882                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.845117                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.845117                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038692                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038692                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3849887                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                2856663                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    27083                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   13532                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2599525                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1098337                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1791704                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           228786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             181176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           228786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.791902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2493758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2493758                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       152864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         152864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        28581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         28581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       181445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          181445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       181445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         181445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       383862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       383862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          936                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       384798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        384798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       384798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       384798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31861512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31861512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37173000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37173000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31898685000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31898685000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31898685000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31898685000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       536726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       536726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        29517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29517                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       566243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       566243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       566243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       566243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.715192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.715192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031711                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031711                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.679563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.679563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.679563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.679563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83002.516529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83002.516529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39714.743590                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39714.743590                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82897.221399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82897.221399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82897.221399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82897.221399                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10802                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              626                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.255591                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2383                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156012                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156012                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       227855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       227855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       228786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       228786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18769977500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18769977500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35875500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35875500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18805853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18805853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18805853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18805853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.424528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031541                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031541                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.404042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.404042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.404042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82376.851506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82376.851506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38534.371643                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38534.371643                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82198.443087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82198.443087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82198.443087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82198.443087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3077516                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3077516                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       769379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         769379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       769379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          769379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       769379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         769379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       769379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       769379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       769379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       769379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       769379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       769379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    189219                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      259128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    189219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.369461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks              13                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            16371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3846779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3846779                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2383                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2383                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               664                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   664                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         38902                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             38902                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                39566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    39566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               39566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   39566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       188953                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          188953                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             189220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 189220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            189220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                189220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27222000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      27222000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17991597500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17991597500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18018819500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18018819500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18018819500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18018819500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2383                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2383                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           931                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               931                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       227855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        227855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           228786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               228786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          228786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              228786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.286788                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.286788                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.829269                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.829269                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.827061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.827061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.827061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.827061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101955.056180                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101955.056180                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95217.315946                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95217.315946                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95226.823274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95226.823274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95226.823274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95226.823274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  433                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       433                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188953                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       188953                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        189220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            189220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           189220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24552000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24552000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16102077500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16102077500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16126629500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16126629500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16126629500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16126629500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.286788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.829269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.827061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.827061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.827061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.827061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91955.056180                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91955.056180                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85217.368870                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85217.368870                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85226.876123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85226.876123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85226.876123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85226.876123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        378432                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       189218                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             188952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           188780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        188952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       567651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       567651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 567651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12137728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12137728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12137728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            189219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  189219    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              189219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           451019000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1024000000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       457572                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       228783                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          625                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            227855                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2816                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          415189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              931                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             931                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       227855                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       686358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                686358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14794816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14794816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          189219                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     27712                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           418005                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001505                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.038762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 417376     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    629      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             418005                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          231169000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         343179000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
