
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2412240371750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               18253207                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 33530388                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53734359                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   284.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5186215746                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9526864307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1150208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1150336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       986624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          986624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           17972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15416                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15416                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          75337792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              75346176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        64623159                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             64623159                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        64623159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         75337792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            139969335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       17974                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15416                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     17974                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15416                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1150016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  986944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1150336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               986624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15268923000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 17974                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15416                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        23732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.045508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.027235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.281056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17190     72.43%     72.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4707     19.83%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1092      4.60%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          436      1.84%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          179      0.75%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           77      0.32%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           24      0.10%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           13      0.05%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            6      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            5      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            3      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        23732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          896                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.059152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.938401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.230280                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14                1      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                1      0.11%      0.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               27      3.01%      3.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               70      7.81%     11.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              138     15.40%     26.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              139     15.51%     41.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              182     20.31%     62.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              124     13.84%     76.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               86      9.60%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               66      7.37%     93.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               31      3.46%     96.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               18      2.01%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                7      0.78%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                4      0.45%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                1      0.11%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::31                1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           896                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          896                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.210938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.179380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.038441                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              365     40.74%     40.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               20      2.23%     42.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              468     52.23%     95.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               43      4.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           896                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    511347000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               848265750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   89845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     28457.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                47207.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        75.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        64.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     75.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     64.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6172                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3486                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 34.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     457290.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 87636360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 46579830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                65630880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               41060520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1218831120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            984502860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30780480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4430678400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1225962720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         51244440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8183105430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            535.987488                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13025958375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     21827000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     515874000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    118730750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3192883375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1701994500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9716034500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 81810120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 43483110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                62667780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               39437100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1220060400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            976236150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30401760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4504840530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1171728000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         51248280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8182159920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            535.925558                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13044315125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22307750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     516376000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    116341500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3051377250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1682357250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9878584375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13243169                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13243169                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1409452                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11155839                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1053001                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            189859                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11155839                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2610776                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8545063                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       936960                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6917629                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2276724                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        86305                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        18782                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6545861                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7400540                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56476058                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13243169                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3663777                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21703114                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2821426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        11                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1076                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        17972                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6542751                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               325077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.036902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.672904                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12130807     39.73%     39.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  525253      1.72%     41.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  872096      2.86%     44.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1337290      4.38%     48.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  602529      1.97%     50.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1156797      3.79%     54.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  996748      3.26%     57.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  490861      1.61%     59.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12421085     40.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433709                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.849570                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5590675                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8355025                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13752523                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1424530                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1410713                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110223360                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1410713                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6667372                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7041419                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        252700                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13878181                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1283081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102901147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                31947                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                672343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                378345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115616813                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254424379                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139105561                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         20218705                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47028914                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                68587880                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             32082                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         34710                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3157794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9466188                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3191892                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           152090                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          161206                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  88940902                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             210285                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70408908                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           674172                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       48609410                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     70018693                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        210177                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.305959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.596979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13526581     44.30%     44.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2192303      7.18%     51.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2675840      8.76%     60.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2284329      7.48%     67.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2324540      7.61%     75.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2226783      7.29%     82.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2622555      8.59%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1599747      5.24%     96.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1080788      3.54%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1403414     92.38%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                83558      5.50%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4782      0.31%     98.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2486      0.16%     98.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            24536      1.62%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             321      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1924330      2.73%      2.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53243075     75.62%     78.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2876      0.00%     78.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                70249      0.10%     78.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5123657      7.28%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5045397      7.17%     92.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2481282      3.52%     96.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2516996      3.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1046      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70408908                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.305866                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1519097                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021575                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         157820199                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118892884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59105942                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15724350                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          18867964                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6936627                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62137536                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7866139                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          195551                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5862222                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3352                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          287                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1575150                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3188                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            5                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1410713                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6275271                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 9423                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89151187                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9466188                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3191892                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             87103                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5795                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1771                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           287                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        420004                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1352483                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1772487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67265086                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6879956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3143820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9156017                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6157003                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2276061                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.202907                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66618328                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66042569                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 48794518                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86457643                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.162870                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.564375                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       48609665                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            108                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1410549                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23126270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.753061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.393594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10928421     47.26%     47.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2975085     12.86%     60.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3358774     14.52%     74.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1819538      7.87%     82.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       945311      4.09%     86.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       735935      3.18%     89.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       327701      1.42%     91.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       320639      1.39%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1714866      7.42%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23126270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18441444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              40541773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5220708                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3603966                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4234026                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3093538                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 37874956                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              359470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       711641      1.76%      1.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32228017     79.49%     81.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1576      0.00%     81.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           45719      0.11%     81.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2334112      5.76%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2857488      7.05%     94.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1616742      3.99%     98.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       746478      1.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         40541773                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1714866                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110562842                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185856077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            197                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1222                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18441444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     40541773                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.655764                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.655764                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.603951                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.603951                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                85437727                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50507722                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10903882                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6569190                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35397349                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17663140                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21686286                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            20502                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             519514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            20502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.339674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33046810                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33046810                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6609668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6609668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1607389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1607389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8217057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8217057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8217057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8217057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        29902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        39520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         39520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        39520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        39520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2237912500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2237912500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    914596500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    914596500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3152509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3152509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3152509000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3152509000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6639570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6639570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1617007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1617007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8256577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8256577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8256577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8256577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005948                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005948                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74841.565782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74841.565782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95092.170930                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95092.170930                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79769.964575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79769.964575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79769.964575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79769.964575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           82                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            15962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    964537500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    964537500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    862819000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    862819000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1827356500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1827356500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1827356500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1827356500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005644                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005644                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84630.823901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84630.823901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94545.145737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94545.145737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89039.443551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89039.443551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89039.443551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89039.443551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.363226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             227527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           106.321028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.363226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26173164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26173164                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6540519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6540519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6540519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6540519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6540519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6540519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         2232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         2232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         2232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     28466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     28466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6542751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6542751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6542751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6542751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6542751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6542751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12753.584229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12753.584229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12753.584229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12753.584229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12753.584229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12753.584229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           72                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     25936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12007.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12007.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12007.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12007.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12007.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12007.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17978                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       19336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17978                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.075537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       18.199818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        12.891887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16352.908295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1039                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10540                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4694                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    380098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   380098                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        15962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            15962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2140                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2140                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           2138                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               2138                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2466                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2466                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 2138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                2138                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4668                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9042                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9042                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8930                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8930                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              17972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             17972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    848102500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     848102500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       193500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    921005500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    921005500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1769108000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1769301500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       193500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1769108000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1769301500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        15962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2140                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2140                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9106                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9106                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         2140                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2140                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        11396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         11396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             2140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            20502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                22642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            2140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           20502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               22642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.476190                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.476190                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.992972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000935                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000935                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783608                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.783608                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.000935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.876597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.793834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.000935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.876597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.793834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93795.896925                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93795.896925                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        96750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103136.114222                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103136.114222                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98436.901847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98436.714143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98436.901847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98436.714143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15416                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15416                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9042                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9042                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8930                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8930                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         17972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             17974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            17974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       199000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       199000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    757682500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    757682500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    831705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    831705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1589388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1589561500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1589388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1589561500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.476190                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.476190                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.783608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000935                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.876597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.793834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.876597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.793834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19900                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19900                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83795.896925                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83795.896925                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93136.114222                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93136.114222                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88436.901847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88436.714143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88436.901847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88436.714143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35954                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17982                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9042                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9042                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        53928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        53928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  53928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2136960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2136960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2136960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   17984    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           102069500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           97543000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        45325                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        22641                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           81                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             13556                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31378                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2140                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9106                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2160                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        61548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 67988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       273920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2333696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2607616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           17998                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    987904                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            40661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002213                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  40571     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     90      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              40661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           40764500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          30766993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
