
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1221387530000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               18742133                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 34479666                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              108311984                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1247872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   140.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2641836539                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4860153772                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       14472832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           14476864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          4032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        28736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           28736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          226138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              226201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            264093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         947960030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             948224123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       264093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           264093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1882187                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1882187                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1882187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           264093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        947960030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            950106311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      226200                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        449                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    226200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      449                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               14475840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   28800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                14476800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                28736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             13988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             13955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             13966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             14088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             14215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             14216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             14265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             14355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             14285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             14308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            14290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            14175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            14123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            14034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            13968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            13954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267266500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                226200                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  449                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  130202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   95936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        16109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    900.433795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   807.781545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   268.215480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          480      2.98%      2.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          301      1.87%      4.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          482      2.99%      7.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          634      3.94%     11.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          540      3.35%     15.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          213      1.32%     16.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          422      2.62%     19.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          419      2.60%     21.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12618     78.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        16109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   14705.440000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     49.344668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  72855.740430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383           24     96.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               25    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2009019250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6249988000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1130925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      8882.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27632.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       948.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    948.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         7.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.53                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      29.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   210143                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     382                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      67360.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 56962920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 30280305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               807162720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1137960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         794114880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1183581630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             55528800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2343317880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       482388960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1542387720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7296863775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            477.939301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12476412750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     61104000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     336688000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6132086000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1256200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2342392375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5138873750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 58062480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 30853350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               807798180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1211040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         922574640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1207645320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64735680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2582538900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       682827360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1310893080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7669140030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            502.323126                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12450380625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     80268000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     391442000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5008759875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1778201500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2345190250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5663482500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4660547                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4660547                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            26886                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4458444                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 174061                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               126                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4458444                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4006367                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          452077                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          580                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    5496287                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     592031                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         3554                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          209                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1504348                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           12                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    4                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1526464                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      28107026                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4660547                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4180428                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28976392                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  53920                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   8                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1504338                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7798                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30529866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.637767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.918593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                20441645     66.96%     66.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2799444      9.17%     76.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  696364      2.28%     78.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  496514      1.63%     80.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  376164      1.23%     81.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  502324      1.65%     82.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  475690      1.56%     84.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  485106      1.59%     86.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4256615     13.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30529866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.152631                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.920495                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 2250616                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             21898043                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2545395                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3808852                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 26960                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              49180003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 26960                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 3313853                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               14730211                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           847                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  5276763                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              7181232                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              49011603                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               906803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               4318135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1219562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           70667942                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            111912931                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        55303253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         17924176                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67692851                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 2975257                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            22                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 15438092                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             5638934                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             593956                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           101041                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           32279                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  48864130                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                188                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 47497695                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2545319                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3695744                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           154                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30529866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.555778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.025295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           15601154     51.10%     51.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3475107     11.38%     62.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2604968      8.53%     71.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3259283     10.68%     81.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1549976      5.08%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1864421      6.11%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1795456      5.88%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             295950      0.97%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              83551      0.27%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30529866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   2369      8.58%      8.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      8.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      8.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                25134     90.98%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                    79      0.29%     99.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                   27      0.10%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                2      0.01%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              15      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             7132      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             35959195     75.71%     75.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  28      0.00%     75.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   10      0.00%     75.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5447998     11.47%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     87.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3849592      8.10%     95.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             361678      0.76%     96.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        1641344      3.46%     99.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        230718      0.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              47497695                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.555532                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      27626                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000582                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         107674092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         39551643                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     38546691                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           17879111                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          11858071                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8884530                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              38566063                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                8952126                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           99844                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       332596                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2999                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           11                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           53                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 26960                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               12304803                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               847501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           48864318                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              5638934                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              593956                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                73                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 69167                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               775073                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            79                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         19465                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7834                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               27299                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             47435000                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              5490024                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            62692                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     6082054                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4526921                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    592030                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.553479                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      47433019                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     47431221                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 38102337                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 58704435                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.553355                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.649054                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2545336                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             34                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            26891                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30203992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.533541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.300266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18858204     62.44%     62.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1996743      6.61%     69.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       266061      0.88%     69.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       816106      2.70%     72.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3537137     11.71%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3435532     11.37%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       100161      0.33%     96.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       137666      0.46%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1056382      3.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30203992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            25857749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              46319075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5897300                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      5306344                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4500586                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   8159596                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 40390480                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              148768                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6703      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        35335607     76.29%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             22      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               7      0.00%     76.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       5079436     10.97%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3844384      8.30%     95.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        360285      0.78%     96.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      1461960      3.16%     99.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       230671      0.50%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         46319075                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1056382                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    78012021                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   98054707                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             39                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           4823                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   25857749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     46319075                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.180872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.180872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.846832                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.846832                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                54294026                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               33973245                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 15425971                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 7887377                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 21943901                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                26970313                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               16016945                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           226399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             947259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           226399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.184025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          688                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24175107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24175107                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2675114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2675114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       579371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        579371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      3254485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3254485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      3254485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3254485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2721110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2721110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        11582                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11582                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2732692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2732692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2732692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2732692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 179509506000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 179509506000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    948234499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    948234499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 180457740499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 180457740499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 180457740499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 180457740499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5396224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5396224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       590953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       590953                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      5987177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5987177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      5987177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5987177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.504262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.504262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019599                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.456424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.456424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.456424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.456424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65969.220649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65969.220649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81871.395182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81871.395182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66036.619019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66036.619019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66036.619019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66036.619019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1248                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    59.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            14189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2506294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2506294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2506295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2506295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2506295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2506295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       214816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       214816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       226397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       226397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17217549500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17217549500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    936548499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    936548499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18154097999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18154097999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18154097999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18154097999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019597                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019597                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80150.219257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80150.219257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80869.398066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80869.398066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80187.007774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80187.007774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80187.007774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80187.007774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               71                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.305694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             147962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               71                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2083.971831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.305694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6017424                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6017424                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1504255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1504255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1504255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1504255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1504255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1504255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           83                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            83                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           83                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           83                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8763500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8763500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8763500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8763500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8763500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8763500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1504338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1504338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1504338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1504338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1504338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1504338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105584.337349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105584.337349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105584.337349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105584.337349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105584.337349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105584.337349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           71                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               71                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7048500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7048500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7048500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7048500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7048500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7048500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97895.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97895.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97895.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97895.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97895.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97895.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    226270                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      226232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    226270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.999832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.748328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        12.548926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16357.702745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        15473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3849782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3849782                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        14189                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            14189                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           71                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               71                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              9                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  9                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           253                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               253                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     270                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           11573                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               11573                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               63                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       214563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          214563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             226136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 226199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                63                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            226136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                226199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    919091000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     919091000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6844500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      6844500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16892657000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16892657000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6844500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17811748000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17818592500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6844500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17811748000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17818592500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        14189                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14189                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           71                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           71                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         11581                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11581                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           72                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             72                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       214816                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        214816                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               72                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           226397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               226469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              72                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          226397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              226469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999309                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999309                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.875000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.998847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.875000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.998847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79416.832282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79416.832282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108642.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108642.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78730.522038                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78730.522038                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108642.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78765.645452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78773.966728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108642.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78765.645452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78773.966728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  449                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       449                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11573                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          11573                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       214563                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       214563                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        226136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            226199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           63                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       226136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           226199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    803361000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    803361000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6214500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6214500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14747007000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14747007000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6214500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15550368000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15556582500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6214500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15550368000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15556582500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998847                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998847                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69416.832282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69416.832282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98642.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98642.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68730.428825                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68730.428825                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98642.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68765.557010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68773.878311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98642.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68765.557010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68773.878311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        452445                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       226245                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             214628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           225796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             11573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            11573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        214627                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       678646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       678646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 678646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     14505600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     14505600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                14505600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            226200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  226200    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              226200                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           530770500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1188263500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       452939                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       226472                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            9                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             25                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           25                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            214890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        14638                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           71                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          438031                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            72                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       214816                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       679195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                679410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         9152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15397632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15406784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          226270                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     28736                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           452739                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000080                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.008917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 452703     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     36      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             452739                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          240729500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         339598500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
