
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10610804166875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               64995596                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                121481470                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              159431459                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    95.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6224052346                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11633206336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9999744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10023936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9954432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9954432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             378                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155538                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155538                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1584559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654976001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656560559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1584559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1584559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652008098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652008098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652008098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1584559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654976001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1308568657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156625                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155538                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156625                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155538                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10023936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9954432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10024000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9954432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267381000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156625                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155538                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    732.416028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   570.728623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.332725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1998      7.32%      7.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2424      8.89%     16.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1943      7.12%     23.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1480      5.43%     28.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1326      4.86%     33.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1292      4.74%     38.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1558      5.71%     44.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1468      5.38%     49.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13788     50.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.124357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.075465                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.539680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             45      0.46%      0.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            91      0.94%      1.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9431     97.09%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           101      1.04%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            18      0.19%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.012458                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.216088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9674     99.60%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13      0.13%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               10      0.10%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.08%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2880131750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5816831750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18388.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37138.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143070                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141814                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48908.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98046480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52109145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562196460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407347920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         746787600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1499100570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61538880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2104434300                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       304214400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1585357560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7421178975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.081856                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11819206000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43841250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     316476000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6412268500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    792222250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3087820875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4614715250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96718440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51407070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556098900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404534340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749860800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1502314230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             68914080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2068577310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       332285280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1581488940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7412199390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.493700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11748339750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     57357500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317788000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6391640625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    865309250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3098991000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4536257750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1312337                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1312337                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1303522                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4327                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1303522                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1263784                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           39738                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5105                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     350724                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1296835                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          947                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2711                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      52612                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          219                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             78722                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5739123                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1312337                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1268111                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30413157                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  14754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  91                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          605                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    52505                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2089                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.379475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.651324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28823053     94.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39803      0.13%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42891      0.14%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224878      0.74%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27595      0.09%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8809      0.03%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9580      0.03%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25035      0.08%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1298327      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042979                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.187954                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  417585                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28624040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   641852                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               809117                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7377                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11504785                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7377                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  695438                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 279402                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16524                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1172012                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28329218                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11468362                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1409                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28035348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14600233                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24265507                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13187453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           307789                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14317057                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  283176                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4984298                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              361995                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1305461                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20808                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           20157                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11402694                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                906                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11335992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2146                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         185923                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       270355                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           779                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.371672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.247704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27422447     89.91%     89.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             470824      1.54%     91.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             557280      1.83%     93.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347420      1.14%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             327441      1.07%     95.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1064416      3.49%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119418      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             165804      0.54%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24921      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73191     94.21%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  404      0.52%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   849      1.09%     95.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  214      0.28%     96.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2802      3.61%     99.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             233      0.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4579      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9596512     84.66%     84.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 107      0.00%     84.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  337      0.00%     84.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              82340      0.73%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307143      2.71%     88.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1256916     11.09%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46530      0.41%     99.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41528      0.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11335992                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.371250                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77693                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006854                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52871614                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11380730                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11124690                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             380180                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            209003                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       186366                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11217352                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 191754                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2509                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25523                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          223                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14122                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          641                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7377                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  56491                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               180176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11403600                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              834                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               361995                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1305461                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               402                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   392                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               179613                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           223                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1923                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7139                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9062                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11319237                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               350555                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16755                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1647369                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1283196                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1296814                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.370701                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11314547                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11311056                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8255093                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11587015                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.370433                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.712443                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         186183                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7218                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.368156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.270973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27487264     90.21%     90.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       339031      1.11%     91.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323346      1.06%     92.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1144739      3.76%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63857      0.21%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       727938      2.39%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72449      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22379      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288909      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5543641                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11217677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1627811                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336472                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1275782                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    182517                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11121401                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2362      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9506928     84.75%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         80211      0.72%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292155      2.60%     88.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1250343     11.15%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44317      0.40%     99.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.37%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11217677                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               288909                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41584863                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22838345                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            318                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34717                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5543641                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11217677                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.508057                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.508057                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.181552                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.181552                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12944807                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8585745                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   286780                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144083                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6399529                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5693014                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4221338                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1468508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.395204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6709112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6709112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       342883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         342883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1136540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1136540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1479423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1479423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1479423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1479423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    349585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    349585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13960863998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13960863998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14310448998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14310448998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14310448998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14310448998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       346851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       346851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1291351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1291351                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1638202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1638202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1638202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1638202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.119883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.119883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88101.058468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88101.058468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90180.051792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90180.051792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90128.096272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90128.096272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90128.096272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90128.096272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12411                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          551                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    77.568750                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   275.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155247                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155247                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2468                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    155851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13804941498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13804941498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13960792498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13960792498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13960792498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13960792498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.119872                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119872                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102939.894320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102939.894320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89180.936956                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89180.936956                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89314.203722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89314.203722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89314.203722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89314.203722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              701                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.998785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              13197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            18.825963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.998785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           210728                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          210728                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        51633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          51633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        51633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           51633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        51633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          51633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     65435499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65435499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     65435499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65435499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     65435499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65435499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        52505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        52505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        52505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        52505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        52505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75040.709862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75040.709862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75040.709862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75040.709862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75040.709862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75040.709862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              701                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67442.090395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67442.090395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67442.090395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67442.090395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67442.090395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67442.090395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157231                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.998009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       50.412539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.648096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16301.939365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2669167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2669167                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          700                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              700                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            323                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                323                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  57                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          378                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              378                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1475                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1475                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               378                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156247                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156625                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13572451000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13572451000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43135000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     43135000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    153096000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    153096000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13725547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13768682000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13725547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13768682000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          700                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          700                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154790                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154790                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          701                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            701                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1514                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1514                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.539230                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.539230                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974240                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.974240                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.539230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.539230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87693.193859                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87693.193859                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114113.756614                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114113.756614                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103793.898305                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103793.898305                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114113.756614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87845.187428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87908.584198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 114113.756614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87845.187428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87908.584198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155538                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155538                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          378                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          378                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1475                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1475                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12024731000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12024731000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39355000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39355000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138346000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138346000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12163077000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12202432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39355000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12163077000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12202432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.539230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.539230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.539230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.539230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77693.193859                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77693.193859                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104113.756614                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104113.756614                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93793.898305                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93793.898305                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104113.756614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77845.187428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77908.584198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104113.756614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77845.187428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77908.584198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313365                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156754                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1202                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19978432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19978432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19978432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156625                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156625    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156625                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           936118500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823754000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314024                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157005                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          121                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            566                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          566                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2222                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310785                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2750                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154790                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154790                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           708                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1514                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        89728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19939264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20028992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157238                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9954880                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046705                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313563     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    687      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312960000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1062000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234459999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
