
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2977132104375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               62969315                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                116560256                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              174656347                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    87.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5504373959                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10188952562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11615552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11615744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        70464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           70464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          181493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              181496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1101                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1101                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         760810257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             760822832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4615341                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4615341                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4615341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        760810257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            765438173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      181496                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1101                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    181496                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1101                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11607168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   70912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11615744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                70464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    134                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267313500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                181496                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1101                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  139119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   39608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    120.543837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   103.864356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.873188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47061     48.58%     48.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40955     42.27%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7730      7.98%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          950      0.98%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          124      0.13%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           69                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2636.376812                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2560.928218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    634.284778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            2      2.90%      2.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            3      4.35%      7.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           10     14.49%     21.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            8     11.59%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           12     17.39%     50.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            9     13.04%     63.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6      8.70%     72.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5      7.25%     79.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583           10     14.49%     94.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      4.35%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      1.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            69                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           69                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.057971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.054717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.337990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               67     97.10%     97.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      2.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            69                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4539419500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7939957000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  906810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25029.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43779.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       760.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    760.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    84663                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     929                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 46.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      83612.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                359084880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                190869525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               671438460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5073840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1625359560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24956160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5187540360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       100524960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9370156785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.738494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11638662750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    261955875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3108927500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11376820750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                332624040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                176797665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               623486220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 709920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1523955990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24684960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5253264780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       130841760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9271674375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            607.287967                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11861531750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9658500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    340732750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2886259250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11520833625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1970132                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1970132                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           102851                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1544214                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  91429                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             13667                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1544214                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            789949                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          754265                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        41588                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1019454                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     130212                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       185288                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1537864                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8613                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1586728                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6221262                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1970132                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            881378                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28682415                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 211252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      4152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1882                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        76296                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1529252                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                16010                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30457099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.412753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.619251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28143293     92.40%     92.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   34762      0.11%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  682229      2.24%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   59105      0.19%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  165038      0.54%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  120230      0.39%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  119899      0.39%     96.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   46306      0.15%     96.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1086237      3.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30457099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.064521                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.203744                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  864908                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27900978                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1214550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               371037                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                105626                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10530569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                105626                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  996721                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26450942                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         37561                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1369104                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1497145                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10049915                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               109169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1127472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                290656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11963150                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             27371941                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13719913                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            96757                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4496032                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7467118                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               431                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           563                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2260977                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1651933                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             183669                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             9696                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            8248                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9391724                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               9819                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  7038109                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            13686                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5670870                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10739461                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          9819                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30457099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.231083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.909824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27796513     91.26%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             964965      3.17%     94.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             544433      1.79%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             384609      1.26%     97.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             371070      1.22%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             164631      0.54%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             132517      0.44%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              58974      0.19%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              39387      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30457099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  27214     72.26%     72.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2904      7.71%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  6523     17.32%     97.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  623      1.65%     98.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              381      1.01%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              16      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            35416      0.50%      0.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5719968     81.27%     81.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2699      0.04%     81.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                28108      0.40%     82.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              36789      0.52%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1068186     15.18%     97.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             139083      1.98%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           7826      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            34      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               7038109                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.230496                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      37661                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005351                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          44491590                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14994336                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6685294                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              93074                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             78086                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        40770                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6992400                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  47954                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           13629                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1024377                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          394                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100748                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          170                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1312                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                105626                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23710840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               305080                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            9401543                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1651933                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              183669                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3573                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20407                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                89921                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         51126                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        70271                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              121397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6874294                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1018695                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           163815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1148880                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  804757                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    130185                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.225131                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6761935                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6726064                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4927498                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  8097242                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.220276                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.608540                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5672007                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           105619                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29627394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.125920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.695541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28154157     95.03%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       628480      2.12%     97.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       180055      0.61%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       412370      1.39%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        79935      0.27%     99.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        52073      0.18%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13575      0.05%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10574      0.04%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        96175      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29627394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1871556                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3730673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        710477                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       627556                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    603985                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     33816                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3696800                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               14650                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        10085      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2956219     79.24%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            586      0.02%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           24510      0.66%     80.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         28796      0.77%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         622536     16.69%     97.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         82921      2.22%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         5020      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3730673                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                96175                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38933899                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   19638733                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            683                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          77589                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1871556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3730673                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             16.315135                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       16.315135                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.061293                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.061293                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7637878                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5815340                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    71479                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   35745                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4226472                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1968614                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3396723                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           282277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             582236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           282277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.062641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4601853                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4601853                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       498522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         498522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        81761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         81761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       580283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          580283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       580283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         580283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       498451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       498451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1160                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1160                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       499611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        499611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       499611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       499611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33936990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33936990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     93196500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     93196500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34030186500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34030186500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34030186500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34030186500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       996973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       996973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        82921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1079894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1079894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1079894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1079894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.499964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.499964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013989                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013989                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.462648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.462648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.462648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.462648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68084.907042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68084.907042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80341.810345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80341.810345                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68113.365198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68113.365198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68113.365198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68113.365198                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32472                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1199                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.082569                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       217319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       217319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       217333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       217333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       217333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       217333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       281132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       281132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       282278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       282278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18733120500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18733120500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     90717500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90717500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18823838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18823838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18823838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18823838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013820                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013820                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.261394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.261394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66634.607586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66634.607586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79160.122164                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79160.122164                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66685.459016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66685.459016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66685.459016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66685.459016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               3537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                 1179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6117011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6117011                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1529249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1529249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1529249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1529249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1529249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1529249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1529252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1529252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1529252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1529252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1529252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1529252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    181529                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      375527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    181529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.068689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.003797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.179657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.816546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1079                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5654                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4696913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4696913                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2660                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               348                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   348                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        100437                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            100437                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               100785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   100785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              100785                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  100785                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             798                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 798                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       180695                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          180695                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             181493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 181496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            181493                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                181496                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     85187000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      85187000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       293500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       293500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17216495000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17216495000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       293500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17301682000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17301975500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       293500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17301682000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17301975500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2660                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       281132                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        281132                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           282278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               282281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          282278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              282281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.696335                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.696335                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642741                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642741                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.642958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.642962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.642958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.642962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106750.626566                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106750.626566                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95279.310440                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95279.310440                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95329.748255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95329.789637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95329.748255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95329.789637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1101                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1101                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           19                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            19                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          798                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            798                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       180695                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       180695                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        181493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            181496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       181493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           181496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     77207000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77207000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       263500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       263500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15409545000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15409545000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       263500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15486752000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15487015500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       263500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15486752000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15487015500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.696335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.642962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.642962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96750.626566                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96750.626566                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85279.310440                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85279.310440                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85329.748255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85329.789637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85329.748255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85329.789637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        362976                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       181494                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             180698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           180379                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        180698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       544472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       544472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 544472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11686208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11686208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11686208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            181496                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  181496    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              181496                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           429787000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          984245750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       564561                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       282281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          279                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             67                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           57                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            281134                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3761                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          460045                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       281132                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       846832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                846841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18235968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               18236352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          181529                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     70464                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           463810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.028500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 463463     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    337      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     10      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             463810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          284943500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         423415500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
