
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3313013675125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               63328420                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                117285766                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              174479795                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    87.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5541365994                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10262746020                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11963584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11963584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        53120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           53120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          186931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              186931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         783606101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             783606101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3479322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3479322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3479322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        783606101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            787085422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      186929                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        830                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    186929                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      830                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11955776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    7808                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   52672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11963456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                53120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    122                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267414500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                186929                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  830                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  142198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.020078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.660555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.641746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44680     46.15%     46.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42405     43.80%     89.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8401      8.68%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1152      1.19%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          133      0.14%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           51                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3638.078431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3527.470517                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    911.679743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            2      3.92%      3.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            3      5.88%      9.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            4      7.84%     17.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            7     13.73%     31.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            4      7.84%     39.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      5.88%     45.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            7     13.73%     58.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            9     17.65%     76.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5      9.80%     86.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      5.88%     92.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      1.96%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      1.96%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      1.96%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      1.96%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            51                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           51                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.137255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.130403                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.490698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               47     92.16%     92.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      1.96%     94.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      5.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            51                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4631494000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8134162750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  934045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24792.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.05                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43543.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       783.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    783.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    90102                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     705                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      81313.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349952820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185977770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               675286920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1414620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1614026820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24564480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5211466110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        90275040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9357658980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.919896                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11664221750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9499000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509711000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    235241250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3083910500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11428982375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                341377680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181461720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               658529340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2881440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1578911400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24652800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5221077450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       111701280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9325902150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.839847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11740722000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9645500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    291048500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3006596250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11450193875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1859452                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1859452                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            94854                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1467059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  80195                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12222                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1467059                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            748895                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          718164                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        37210                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     938230                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     101025                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       168805                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1542                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1448553                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9170                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1491993                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5762229                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1859452                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            829090                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28777288                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 195912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        78212                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1439383                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13491                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30450215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.382546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.560451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28289030     92.90%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   33057      0.11%     93.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  660133      2.17%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   49649      0.16%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  152019      0.50%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  112567      0.37%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  107471      0.35%     96.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   39718      0.13%     96.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1006571      3.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30450215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.060896                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.188711                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  805092                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28086776                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1112478                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               347913                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 97956                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9656578                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 97956                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  925757                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26676367                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21190                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1257685                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1471260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9213954                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               111669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1079425                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                328939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10969708                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25170635                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12467206                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            72291                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3861953                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7107754                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               395                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           511                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2146028                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1558137                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             143908                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6646                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6702                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8626265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7823                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6364957                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            11381                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5427522                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10358575                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7823                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30450215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.209028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.859837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28003059     91.96%     91.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             907477      2.98%     94.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             499833      1.64%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             350288      1.15%     97.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             350700      1.15%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             142637      0.47%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             115147      0.38%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              48509      0.16%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              32565      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30450215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  21698     70.07%     70.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2111      6.82%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  6334     20.45%     97.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  472      1.52%     98.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              348      1.12%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               5      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            31293      0.49%      0.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5185186     81.46%     81.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1876      0.03%     81.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                20546      0.32%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              26672      0.42%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              984957     15.47%     98.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             108339      1.70%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6078      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            10      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6364957                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.208450                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      30968                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004865                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43154177                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14001183                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6050260                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              68301                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             60434                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        29430                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6329407                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  35225                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9334                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       999627                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          315                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        84405                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           97                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1282                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 97956                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24083625                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               300708                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8634088                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7506                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1558137                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              143908                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2856                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21343                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                91958                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         46651                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              111231                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6219283                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               937695                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           145674                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1038697                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  725453                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    101002                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.203679                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6110327                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6079690                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4474359                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7246382                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.199108                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.617461                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5428556                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            97950                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29658357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.108117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.632574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28350066     95.59%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       575515      1.94%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       153924      0.52%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       372142      1.25%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72762      0.25%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        42304      0.14%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10570      0.04%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7805      0.03%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        73269      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29658357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1607906                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3206564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        618012                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       558509                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    536022                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     24042                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3182324                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               10500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7266      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2542634     79.29%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            420      0.01%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           17724      0.55%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20508      0.64%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         554975     17.31%     98.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         59503      1.86%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3534      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3206564                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                73269                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38220208                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18065144                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            649                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          84473                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1607906                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3206564                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             18.990344                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       18.990344                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.052658                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.052658                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6708040                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5269855                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    51741                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   25869                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3780285                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1750562                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3123957                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           265546                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             507573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           265546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.911432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4189818                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4189818                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       447333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         447333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        58396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         58396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       505729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          505729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       505729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         505729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       474232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       474232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1107                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       475339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        475339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       475339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       475339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34577104500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34577104500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66243000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66243000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34643347500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34643347500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34643347500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34643347500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       921565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       921565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        59503                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        59503                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       981068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       981068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       981068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       981068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.514594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.514594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018604                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018604                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.484512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.484512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.484512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.484512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72911.791064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72911.791064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59840.108401                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59840.108401                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72881.348890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72881.348890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72881.348890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72881.348890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        28323                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1082                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.176525                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2524                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       264445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       264445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       265545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       265545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       265545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       265545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18971826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18971826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     64549500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64549500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19036375500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19036375500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19036375500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19036375500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.286952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018486                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018486                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.270669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.270669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71742.048441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71742.048441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58681.363636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58681.363636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71687.945546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71687.945546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71687.945546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71687.945546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5757532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5757532                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1439383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1439383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1439383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1439383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1439383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1439383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1439383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1439383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1439383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1439383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1439383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1439383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    186952                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      340501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    186952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.821328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.977463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.022537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4433784                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4433784                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2524                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2524                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               527                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   527                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         78089                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             78089                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                78616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    78616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               78616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   78616                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             574                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 574                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       186355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          186355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             186929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 186929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            186929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                186929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     57266500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      57266500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17719653500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17719653500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17776920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17776920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17776920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17776920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2524                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2524                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1101                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       264444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        264444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           265545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               265545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          265545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              265545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.521344                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.521344                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.704705                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.704705                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.703945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.703945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.703945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.703945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99767.421603                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99767.421603                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95085.473961                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95085.473961                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95099.850745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95099.850745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95099.850745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95099.850745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  830                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       830                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          574                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            574                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       186355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       186355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        186929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            186929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       186929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           186929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51526500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51526500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15856093500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15856093500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15907620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15907620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15907620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15907620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.521344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.704705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.704705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.703945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.703945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.703945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.703945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89767.421603                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89767.421603                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85085.420300                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85085.420300                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85099.797249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85099.797249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85099.797249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85099.797249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        373853                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       186931                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             186356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          830                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           186094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        186355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       560783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       560783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 560783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12016640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12016640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12016640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            186929                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  186929    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              186929                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           441356500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1012172750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       531091                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       265546                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          412                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             35                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           32                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            264445                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3354                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          449144                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       264444                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       796637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                796637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17156480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17156480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          186952                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     53120                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           452497                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000994                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.031729                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 452050     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    444      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             452497                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          268069500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         398319000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
