
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10366526660875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               39961569                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 74578871                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               99613983                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   153.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6124712046                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11430335381                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       13320256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           13323072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       648064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          648064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          208129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              208173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         10126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              10126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            184446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         872467136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             872651582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       184446                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           184446                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        42447723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             42447723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        42447723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           184446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        872467136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            915099305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      208172                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      10126                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    208172                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    10126                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               13322560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  646912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                13323008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               648064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             13224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             13174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             13100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             13172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             13010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             13011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            13116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            13087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            13148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267333000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                208172                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                10126                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  121720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   53655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   16696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   16089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        20173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    692.505825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   505.335458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   390.438539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2045     10.14%     10.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2112     10.47%     20.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2059     10.21%     30.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          480      2.38%     33.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1606      7.96%     41.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          352      1.74%     42.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          423      2.10%     45.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          315      1.56%     46.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10781     53.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        20173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     508.623355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.150128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   7141.735826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191          601     98.85%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            5      0.82%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::65536-73727            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::155648-163839            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.625000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.601023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.906230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              406     66.78%     66.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               24      3.95%     70.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              178     29.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2445766000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6348859750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1040825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11749.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30499.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       872.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        42.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    872.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     42.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         7.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.45                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      28.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   189217                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    8883                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      69938.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    90.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 72042600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 38291550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               740939220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               25760700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1028292720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1189294170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             50125920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3990432060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       361555200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        725973780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8222707920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            538.581423                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12528614250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44873500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     435550000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2836207750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    941538750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2258295250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8750878875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 71992620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 38264985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               745358880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               27003060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1017229200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1191894510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             51126240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3911856990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       377538720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        754241100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8186506305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            536.210243                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12519633250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43271500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     430852000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2958590000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    983224750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2272707750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8578698125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6102354                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6102354                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              914                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4971100                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 705436                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               138                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4971100                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2608656                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         2362444                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          588                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    7014064                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2241000                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         3285                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          231                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    3293230                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           41                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           3296680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      24038627                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6102354                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3314092                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     27236006                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   1968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  39                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          227                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  3293190                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  214                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.674176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.978480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                22427661     73.45%     73.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  115936      0.38%     73.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  326648      1.07%     74.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  682530      2.24%     77.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  706031      2.31%     79.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  867778      2.84%     82.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  812377      2.66%     84.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  494724      1.62%     86.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4100254     13.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.199850                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.787256                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 2846195                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             20439352                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  5374520                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1872888                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   984                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              51106003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   984                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 3471909                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               16194289                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1604                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6547326                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              4317827                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              51101196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               246384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1812589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  9487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1628398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           63492868                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            135283096                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        78849331                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          1948114                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             63440371                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   52442                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                14                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            16                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  7980765                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             6689680                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2242199                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           161266                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores              79                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  51093378                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 91                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 51327639                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              354                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          36543                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        47498                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            89                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.681003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.401144                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           17900707     58.63%     58.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1406455      4.61%     63.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1879127      6.15%     69.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2265956      7.42%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2274809      7.45%     84.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1529458      5.01%     89.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1316487      4.31%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             967906      3.17%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             993034      3.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 694034     71.51%     71.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                80611      8.31%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                115194     11.87%     91.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                80630      8.31%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                1      0.00%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              58      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           403434      0.79%      0.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             39567327     77.09%     77.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5128      0.01%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv              1208948      2.36%     80.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             967765      1.89%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             6772507     13.19%     95.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2229111      4.34%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         161307      0.31%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         12112      0.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              51327639                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.680962                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     970528                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018908                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         131796852                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         49988010                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     49937334                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            2363247                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           1142044                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1141245                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              50672782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1221951                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          785839                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         4786                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           19                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2354                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       246077                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   984                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                8783779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               255039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           51093469                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               79                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6689680                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2242199                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                38                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 83491                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               128603                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           323                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          833                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                1156                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             51325612                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6933449                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             2027                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9174444                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6097263                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2240995                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.680895                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      51079011                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     51078579                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 38848223                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 75855185                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.672805                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.512137                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          36586                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              2                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts              948                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30528271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.672446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.913479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20202771     66.18%     66.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2114961      6.93%     73.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1455695      4.77%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       880450      2.88%     80.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       158627      0.52%     81.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       764097      2.50%     83.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       151702      0.50%     84.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       375774      1.23%     85.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4424194     14.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30528271                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            24006617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              51056876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       8924720                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6684891                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6095480                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1140774                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 49847398                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              704936                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       403159      0.79%      0.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        39547430     77.46%     78.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           5112      0.01%     78.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv         1208925      2.37%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        967530      1.90%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        6523647     12.78%     95.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2227893      4.36%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       161244      0.32%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        11936      0.02%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         51056876                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4424194                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    77197539                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  102192721                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             13                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            749                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   24006617                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     51056876                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.271928                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.271928                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.786208                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.786208                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                79302935                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               44114950                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  1947842                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  967851                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 34605088                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                18383661                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               20101321                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           209666                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2251241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           209666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.737273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33098586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33098586                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5636560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5636560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2228306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2228306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7864866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         7864866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7864866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        7864866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       345839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       345839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        11525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       357364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        357364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       357364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       357364                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27227610500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27227610500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    852741972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    852741972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28080352472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28080352472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28080352472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28080352472                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5982399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5982399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2239831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2239831                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8222230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8222230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8222230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8222230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.057809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78729.149980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78729.149980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73990.626638                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73990.626638                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78576.332457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78576.332457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78576.332457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78576.332457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2619752                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            64285                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.752151                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            11593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       147697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       147699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       147699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       209665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       209665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       209665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       209665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16483518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16483518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    841154972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    841154972                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17324672972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17324672972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17324672972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17324672972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83190.429086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83190.429086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72997.914779                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72997.914779                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82630.257659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82630.257659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82630.257659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82630.257659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               50                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.999123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             187192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               50                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3743.840000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.999123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         13172814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        13172814                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3293121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3293121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3293121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3293121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3293121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3293121                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      3293190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3293190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      3293190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      3293190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      3293190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      3293190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89913.043478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89913.043478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89913.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89913.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89913.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89913.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               50                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4698500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4698500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4698500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4698500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4698500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4698500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87009.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87009.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87009.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87009.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87009.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87009.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    208224                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      211216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    208224                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.014369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        4.513396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         3.893365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16375.593240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3563448                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3563448                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11593                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            11593                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           50                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               50                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              1434                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1434                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              5                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  5                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           103                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               103                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           10089                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               10089                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           44                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               44                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       198039                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          198039                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             208128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 208172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            208128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                208172                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    808690500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     808690500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4556000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      4556000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16184922000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16184922000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16993612500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16998168500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16993612500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16998168500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11593                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11593                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           50                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           50                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         11523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11523                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           49                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             49                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       198142                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        198142                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               49                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           209665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               209714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              49                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          209665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              209714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875553                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.875553                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.897959                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.897959                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999480                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999480                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.897959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.992669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.992647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.897959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.992669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.992647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80155.664585                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80155.664585                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103545.454545                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103545.454545                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81725.932771                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81725.932771                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103545.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81649.814057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81654.442000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103545.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81649.814057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81654.442000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10089                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          10089                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           44                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198039                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       198039                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        208128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            208172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       208128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           208172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    707800500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    707800500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4116000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4116000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14204522000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14204522000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14912322500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14916438500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14912322500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14916438500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.897959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.897959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.897959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.992647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.897959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.992669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.992647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70155.664585                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70155.664585                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93545.454545                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93545.454545                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71725.882276                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71725.882276                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93545.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71649.766009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71654.393963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93545.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71649.766009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71654.393963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        416322                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       208167                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198084                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10126                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           198024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        198083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       624495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       624495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 624495                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13971136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     13971136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13971136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            208172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  208172    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              208172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           514193500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1092030500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       419435                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       209720                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           54                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             96                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           92                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            198197                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        21719                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           50                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          396171                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11523                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11523                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            54                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       198142                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          153                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       628997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                629150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14160576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14166912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          208229                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    648384                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           417943                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.019926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 417789     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    150      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             417943                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          221360500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             81000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         314499000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
