
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10961953081750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               31488992                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 58979870                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               75361585                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   202.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6379287122                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11948606193                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10376384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10378304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      7137024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         7137024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          162131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              162161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        111516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             111516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            125759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         679645649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             679771407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       125759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           125759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       467469911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            467469911                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       467469911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           125759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        679645649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1147241318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      162159                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     111516                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    162159                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   111516                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10373632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 7137344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10378176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              7137024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     71                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              7193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              7140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              7126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              6853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              7026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              7327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              7044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              7143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              6841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              6718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             6594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             6775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             6881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             6772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             7094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             6994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267283500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                162159                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               111516                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  138186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   13760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    7529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   5882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   6524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   6870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   7005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   7040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   7083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   7050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   7050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   7024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   7056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   7069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   7054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   7182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   7481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   7062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   7017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        76157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    229.939310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   127.130027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   298.472199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45284     59.46%     59.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11873     15.59%     75.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4109      5.40%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2511      3.30%     83.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1422      1.87%     85.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2318      3.04%     88.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1654      2.17%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1404      1.84%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5582      7.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        76157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      23.273406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.138861                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     15.822636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           6048     86.85%     86.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           910     13.07%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             4      0.06%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          6964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.013015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.180019                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             6915     99.30%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               15      0.22%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               23      0.33%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.11%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          6964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3663829500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6702979500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  810440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22603.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41353.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       679.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       467.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    679.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    467.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    3.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   128496                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   68966                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                61.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      55786.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    72.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                278424300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                147993615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               585922680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              296767440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         987726480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1675322910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             59049600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3628262610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       165311520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        755217840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8580364395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            562.007663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11438647500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24927750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     418150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3051589500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    430511250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3385572125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7956593500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                265265280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                141022200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               571392780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              285372180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         984653280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1667779530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             58688160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3607426260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       177338880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        762311100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8521520850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            558.153454                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11374590250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25309000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     416796000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3083651750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    461807250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3368594875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7911185250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4466474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4466474                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            23927                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3995264                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 307882                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               102                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3995264                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1675422                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         2319842                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3236                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4659207                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2722900                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        32002                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2353415                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            4                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2370878                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      18403822                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4466474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1983304                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28136696                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  47988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          148                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2353415                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4641                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30531716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.248411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.693692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                24401049     79.92%     79.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  407127      1.33%     81.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  241517      0.79%     82.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  312678      1.02%     83.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  379793      1.24%     84.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  730647      2.39%     86.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  578834      1.90%     88.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  198055      0.65%     89.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3282016     10.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30531716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.146275                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.602719                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1597475                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             23509254                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  4253993                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1147000                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 23994                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              37585788                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 23994                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2024737                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               21235918                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          7632                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  4859432                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2380003                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              37456730                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               591617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1134346                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                353720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 25028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           42065704                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             96698005                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        55648917                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               18                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             40692331                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 1373358                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                56                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            62                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5650108                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4647890                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2773886                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           124759                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           67744                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  37270295                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                718                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 37050871                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1010872                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1460465                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           574                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30531716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.213521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.142477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           21096253     69.10%     69.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1230766      4.03%     73.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1677554      5.49%     78.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1438784      4.71%     83.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1416564      4.64%     87.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1320774      4.33%     92.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1006948      3.30%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             915753      3.00%     98.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             428320      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30531716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 645334     93.27%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     93.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 26316      3.80%     97.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                20215      2.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            27231      0.07%      0.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29615149     79.93%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   3      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4674657     12.62%     92.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2733831      7.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              37050871                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.213403                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     691865                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.018673                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         105335253                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         38281959                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     36857605                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              37715505                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150075                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       166093                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          165                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       135516                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       113199                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 23994                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                7668583                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               271043                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           37271013                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1434                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4647890                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2773886                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               278                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                115768                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               140432                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            74                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         13718                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15612                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               29330                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             36993362                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4659173                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            57504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     7382054                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4300687                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2722881                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.211519                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      36861918                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     36857605                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 27707280                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 47645305                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.207073                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.581532                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1011557                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            144                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            23927                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30381754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.193484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.729949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     24849281     81.79%     81.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       377487      1.24%     83.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       198232      0.65%     83.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       523926      1.72%     85.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211226      0.70%     86.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78072      0.26%     86.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       166514      0.55%     86.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       136077      0.45%     87.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3840939     12.64%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30381754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            17341231                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              36260128                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       7120177                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4481810                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         96                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4259724                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 36242697                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              305739                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        17335      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        29122616     80.32%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4481810     12.36%     92.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2638367      7.28%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         36260128                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3840939                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    63812500                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   74694428                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             19                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           2972                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   17341231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     36260128                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.760814                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.760814                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.567919                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.567919                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                54772511                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               29810575                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 24178479                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                11495611                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               16192253                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           215930                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1728114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           215930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.003121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24396338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24396338                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3090701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3090701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2637246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2637246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      5727947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5727947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      5727947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5727947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       316035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       316035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1120                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1120                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       317155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        317155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       317155                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       317155                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21531822500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21531822500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    116353458                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    116353458                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21648175958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21648175958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21648175958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21648175958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3406736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3406736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2638366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2638366                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      6045102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6045102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      6045102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6045102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000425                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000425                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.052465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.052465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68131.132628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68131.132628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103887.016071                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103887.016071                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68257.400823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68257.400823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68257.400823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68257.400823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1034268                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            33545                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.832255                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       163173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           163173                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       101170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       101229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       101229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       101229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       101229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       214865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       214865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       215926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       215926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       215926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       215926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15793732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15793732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    112728463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112728463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15906460463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15906460463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15906460463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15906460463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.063071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000402                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000402                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73505.373141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73505.373141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106247.373233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106247.373233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73666.258176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73666.258176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73666.258176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73666.258176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               30                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             141331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4711.033333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9413690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9413690                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2353374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2353374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2353374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2353374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2353374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2353374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2353415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2353415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2353415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2353415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2353415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2353415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99951.219512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99951.219512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99951.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99951.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99951.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99951.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           30                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               30                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3350500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3350500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3350500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3350500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3350500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3350500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111683.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111683.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111683.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111683.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111683.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111683.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    162193                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      285748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    162193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.761778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.341964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         3.271328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16377.386708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6936                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3617377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3617377                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       163173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           163173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           30                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               30                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         53774                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             53774                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                53797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    53797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               53797                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   53797                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1038                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1038                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               30                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       161091                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          161091                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             162129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 162159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            162129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                162159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    110765500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     110765500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3304500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      3304500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14881175000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14881175000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3304500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14991940500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      14995245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3304500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14991940500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     14995245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       163173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       163173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           30                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           30                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1061                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1061                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             30                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       214865                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        214865                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           215926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               215956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          215926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              215956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978322                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.978322                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.749731                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.749731                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.750854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.750889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.750854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.750889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106710.500963                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106710.500963                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110150                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       110150                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92377.445047                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92377.445047                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92469.209703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92472.480713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92469.209703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92472.480713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               111515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    111515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1038                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1038                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       161091                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       161091                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        162129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            162159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       162129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           162159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    100385500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100385500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3004500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3004500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13270235000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13270235000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3004500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13370620500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13373625000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3004500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13370620500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13373625000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.749731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.749731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.750854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.750889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.750854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.750889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96710.500963                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96710.500963                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100150                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100150                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82377.258816                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82377.258816                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82469.024666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82472.295710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82469.024666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82472.295710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        324313                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       162154                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             161123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       111516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            50638                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        161121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       486474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       486474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 486474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     17515328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     17515328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17515328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            162159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  162159    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              162159                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           811540500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          859170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       431916                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       215960                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           36                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             48                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           48                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            214899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       274688                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           30                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          103435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1061                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1061                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            30                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       214865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           90                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       647786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                647876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24262592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               24266432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          162193                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   7136960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           378149                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.014903                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 378065     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     84      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             378149                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          379161000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             45000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         323895000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
