
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8351237236375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              134640400                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                250704167                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              345423834                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5950950427                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11080837265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12679168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12679168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          198112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              198112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         830476335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             830476335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1345617                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1345617                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1345617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        830476335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            831821953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      198113                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        321                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    198113                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      321                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12675520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   19456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12679232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     59                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267479500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                198113                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  321                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        98232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.224204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.999813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.488728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41870     42.62%     42.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45054     45.86%     88.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9751      9.93%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1355      1.38%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          172      0.18%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        98232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10042.157895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9808.147070                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2307.714797                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2     10.53%     10.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     15.79%     26.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2     10.53%     36.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2     10.53%     47.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      5.26%     52.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     10.53%     63.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.26%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.26%     73.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.26%     78.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.26%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.26%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      5.26%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               19    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4769474250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8483005500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  990275000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24081.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42831.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       830.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    830.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99855                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     264                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76939.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                352244760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                187222530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               713900040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 553320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1654618800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24829440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5163808980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        95997120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9398484030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.593908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11572632750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    249596750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3174471375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11323036000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349188840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185567910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               700198380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1033560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1634701860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24486240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5158867080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       117255360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9375993630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.120803                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11616950750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9516500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509661750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    305002250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3130726500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11312437125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1520278                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1520278                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            62812                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1213080                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  39818                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6207                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1213080                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            653501                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          559579                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        20482                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     699658                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      44352                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       141297                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          780                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1257853                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5322                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1284887                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4395610                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1520278                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            693319                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29078321                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 129188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        46597                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1252531                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6251                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30478111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.290160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.357410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28758177     94.36%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   26364      0.09%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  627405      2.06%     96.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   23432      0.08%     96.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  122581      0.40%     96.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   60316      0.20%     97.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   78166      0.26%     97.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   22204      0.07%     97.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  759466      2.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30478111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.049789                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.143955                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  633794                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28665362                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   817276                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               297085                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 64594                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7223114                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 64594                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  721242                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27517670                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   950556                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1215694                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6931548                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                61081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                982668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                177385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8264499                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19268694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9044080                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            27588                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2822924                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5441576                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               207                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           255                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1902181                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1256248                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              66137                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3446                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4163                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6592139                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3782                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4680005                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4902                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4240405                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8835139                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3782                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30478111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.153553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.712404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28543004     93.65%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             777587      2.55%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             404222      1.33%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             271479      0.89%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             291995      0.96%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              83193      0.27%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              67401      0.22%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              22654      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16576      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30478111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8769     65.88%     65.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  848      6.37%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3368     25.30%     97.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  197      1.48%     99.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               43      0.32%     99.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              86      0.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            15744      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3865796     82.60%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1041      0.02%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7390      0.16%     83.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10725      0.23%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              729579     15.59%     98.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              47828      1.02%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1563      0.03%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           339      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4680005                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.153268                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13311                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39829832                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10813083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4489241                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              26502                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             23250                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11785                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4663938                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13634                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3438                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       808123                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          136                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        45354                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1152                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 64594                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25664013                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               257028                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6595921                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4036                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1256248                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               66137                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1391                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                56181                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         34233                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        36813                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               71046                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4597908                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               699484                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            82097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      743830                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  547277                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     44346                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.150580                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4515956                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4501026                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3327318                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5210128                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.147407                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638625                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4241027                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            64589                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29877176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.078840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.513535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28843415     96.54%     96.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       481322      1.61%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111335      0.37%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       310540      1.04%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        56615      0.19%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27438      0.09%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6179      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3476      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36856      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29877176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1177876                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2355516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        468908                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       448125                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    428262                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8358                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2347069                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3675                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2525      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1870665     79.42%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            147      0.01%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6131      0.26%     79.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7140      0.30%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         446907     18.97%     99.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         20783      0.88%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1218      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2355516                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                36856                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36436863                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13795386                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            443                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          56577                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1177876                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2355516                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.923517                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.923517                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038575                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038575                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4510002                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3914142                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    20968                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10384                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2846276                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1223653                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2429627                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           235129                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             291704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           235129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.240613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3088989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3088989                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       271599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         271599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        19945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         19945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       291544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          291544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       291544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         291544                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       421083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       421083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          838                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       421921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        421921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       421921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       421921                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35106656500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35106656500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29556995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29556995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35136213495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35136213495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35136213495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35136213495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       692682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       692682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20783                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       713465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       713465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       713465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       713465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.607902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.607902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.591369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.591369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.591369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.591369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83372.295961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83372.295961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35270.877088                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35270.877088                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83276.759144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83276.759144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83276.759144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83276.759144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22684                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              928                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.443966                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       186785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       186785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       186791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       186791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       186791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       186791                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       234298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       235130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       235130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19445290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19445290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28132495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28132495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19473422495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19473422495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19473422495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19473422495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.338248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040033                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040033                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.329561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.329561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82993.836909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82993.836909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33813.094952                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33813.094952                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82819.812423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82819.812423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82819.812423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82819.812423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5010124                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5010124                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1252531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1252531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1252531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1252531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1252531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1252531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1252531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1252531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1252531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1252531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1252531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1252531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    198117                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      268018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    198117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.352827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.908708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.091292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10842                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3957957                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3957957                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2083                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2083                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               633                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   633                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         36384                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             36384                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                37017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    37017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               37017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   37017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             199                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 199                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197914                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197914                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            198113                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                198113                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19933000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19933000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18685236500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18685236500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18705169500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18705169500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18705169500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18705169500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2083                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2083                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       234298                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        234298                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           235130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               235130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          235130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              235130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.239183                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.239183                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.844711                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.844711                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.842568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.842568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.842568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.842568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100165.829146                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100165.829146                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94410.888062                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94410.888062                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94416.668770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94416.668770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94416.668770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94416.668770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          199                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            199                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197914                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197914                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17943000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17943000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16706106500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16706106500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16724049500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16724049500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16724049500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16724049500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.239183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.844711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.842568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.842568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.842568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.842568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90165.829146                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90165.829146                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84410.938589                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84410.938589                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84416.719246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84416.719246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84416.719246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84416.719246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        396216                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       198111                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197914                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       594328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       594328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 594328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12699712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12699712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12699712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            198113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  198113    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              198113                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           466161000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1070412500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       470259                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       235124                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          536                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            234297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          430842                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              832                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             832                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       234298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       705388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                705388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15181568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15181568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          198117                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           433247                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001263                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035575                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 432701     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    545      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             433247                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          237212500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         352693500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
